said I was a man for all Africa, bound to her by my spirit, bound with her by my dreams
Silence!
Hang him up
Hang him up!
Hang him up!
You will pay for the deaths of our grandfathers and grandmothers, all English will pay, and you will be first.
Heil Hitler!
In the name of Adolf Hitler and the father-land,
I sentence you to die rooinek!
It seems I was to loose everyone I'd ever loved, or had ever loved me.
Loneliness birds seemed to fly into my heart and lay large, stone eggs
My whole body hurt with sadness
I did not know how to chase the loneliness birds away
That was how I met Doc, who collected cacti, played piano, and showed me how to talk to his donkey, Beethoven
Doc was a famous pianist who gave concerts all over the world
While he was in South Africa, the war broke out, he couldn't go home
Doc showed me Africa
He made Africa, my classroom
One by one, the loneliness birds flew away, with the stone eggs they had laid in my heart
Everything in nature is co-operation
It was then I realised that the Africaaners were not the only ones to hate and fear others
The loneliness birds began to circle again
Every day after school, my grandfather would walk me down to the prison and fetch me home at sundown
I would bring my bucket, with a cactus wraped in a tabaco leaf to keep it moist
The PK I know is a lot more than just Satisfactory - he has a brain
In my school you get beaten up if you have a brain
To have a brain is not a sin, to have a brain and not use it, that is a sin
I will introduce you to someone who will show you how to use your brain to keep from getting beaten up
Little beat big when little smart
first with the head, then with the heart
When I first Geel Piet, he spent 40 of his 55 years in 1 prison or another
He told me he'd been a thief, a con man, and a lot of other things
Now he was my teacher and my friend
Can't catch you, can't hit you
Can't hit you, can't hurt you!
When it is a person's job to punish, it's all they know how to do
To survive in prison, Geel Piet became an expert in camouflage, a master of the invisible
His goal was to draw as little attention to himself while getting exactly what he and his fellow prisoners needed
I also became the unofficial letter writer, at Geel Piet's suggestion
That song about the Rainmaker, why are they always singing it around me?
All the tribes believe, little boss
that when there is drought, it is because the people are in conflict
The rainmaker cools things down
The earth, the sky, the people
He stops the conflict, he brings the rain, he brings the peace
you treat all the tribes equally
you not show favouratism for one tribe over another
little hope never hurt no one
ya, but it's false hope
better than no hope at all
it still broke my heart to see a man I loved so degraded
it also made me angry
Angry that it was done, angry that I couldn't do anything to change it
they look confused
They are confused, little boss.
They are confused, they are afraid
They are cowards
Sometimes, we must try to take what is not wonderful and make it so
The "myth" is as old as Africa
To the people, myth is stronger than love, stronger than hate
it gives them reason to do what they would never do
I just finished the lyrics
They're about the guards
They run this way, they run that way
They are confused, they are afraid
they are cowards
All the tribes together
First time, because of you
Hearing the tribes singing together, Geel Piet dropped his camouflage and defied Sgt. Bormann
For that one, brief moment, he was a free man before he died
The war ended, Doc went home to Germany, and once again I was left alone, fending off the loneliness birds
Trying as Doc and Geel Piet had taught me, to turn my sadness into something wonderful
Because no matter how much I wanted to believe I could, my heart never let me
Very evocative - singing, dieing, powerful images
Any ideaolagy that needs to attack the thing that least threatens it,
is an ideaology that will not outlive it's own generation
The inclusion of exclusion, gentlemen, is the key to survival
Dr Daniel Marais
the man's the intellectual darling leader of the Nationalist Party
Maria Elizabeth Marais
Outside the ring, a black man is not equal. Inside he is, but not in public, only in private.
Some say all our problems would be solved if we stopped thinking of South Africa in terms of seperate tribes
Separation of things is not coincidental
Do you think a Zulu wants to see his culture, his sense of identity replaced by someone elses?
Any more than I do mine.
No sir, but I don't think he wants being a Zulu to mean  he is denied the same rights that, that you and I enjoy
Laws define rights
I agree sir, but do they always define justice?
Justice young man is only relative to who's in charge
But perhaps how long they stay in charge is relative to how well they dispense that justice, no?
For the record, sir, I procured my ideas long before I began English private school
from a German expert on cacti
Mr Gruenewald
A waterfall begins with only one drop of water, sir. Look what comes from that
I won't hate like you, I won't!
History takes too long
Yes I know it does, but it's never kind to those who try to hurry it
Find your heart! Do whatever you think is right!
Gideon, listen to me. I won't let this happen, they want me!
It's not about you, it's about all of us
Giving them what they want won't make the struggle any shorter
It's over Botha! You've caught me. Call them off, take me in!
I remember how my nany would tell me
that if I listened to the wind, I would hear the voices of my life.
I listened, and heard Doc talk about justice
I heard Geel Piet talk about hope
courage
I heard Maria
These are the voices of my life, the voices of Africa
These are the voices I carried with me
as Duma and I set out together, to help bring our country closer to a good tomorrow.
