Subtitles By: BakaSan
His opponent is Neji...
The final round is totally different from the prelims.
I don't think Naruto can...
Let me have at least a little fun, Naruto kun.
A very hard job is waiting for me...
Zero Blind spots!
Another Absolute Defense
Shit! I can't catch him at all!
I told you that I'm not that stupid.
I've already figured out...
which one is the real body!
The one that attacks the least because
it's afraid of having his Tenketsu pressed.
The more you attack me, the easier it is to find the one.
The real one is you.
This is the end.
That's why I said it's useless.
Naruto kun, please don't lose.
That's why... I told you to stop jumping to conclusions.
No way!
Alright! Go for it, Naruto!
Did he read my mind and have one of clones attack less?
After all, I'm ready to die in this match attacking you!
I did it!
That is...
What was that?
You thought you won?
Why?
Naruto's punch must've landed on him.
That is...
Kaiten!
That's Neji's defense.
Man!
Don't underestimate me!
The maximum sight of Neji's Byakugan is almost 360 degree.
And he senses all the attacks from the opponent with Byakugan.
From that point on, Neji's defense, Hakke-sho Kaiten begins!
Right before the attacks land on him, he releases a large
amount of chakra from chakra holes all over his body.
With that chakra, he receives the
attacks. He then spins his body,
to avoid attacks and repel them.
In reality, it is hard to control
chakra released from the chakra holes.
Even Jonins are only able to use it for some jutsu by
releasing it from hands, legs, and other certain part of body.
But Neji mastered Juken and can
release it from all over his body,
and with only the quantity of the released chakra,
he can completely shut out physical attacks.
In other words, it is more powerful than Gaara's...
It's another absolute defense!
That is father's...
Kaiten is a secret Jutsu that is only passed down to
an heir of the Hyuga Souke (main clan) traditionally.
But it's like he created that by himself...
What a guy... I didn't guess he was this much...
It's too early to be surprised. Neji's
real ability will be shown from here!
Shit.
This will be the end.
You are within my Hakke territory.
Ju-kenpo
Hakke 64-sho!
No way! That stance is!
Hakke...
Ni-sho (2)
Yon-sho (4)
Hassho (8)
Juroku-sho (16)
Sanju-ni-sho
(32)
Rokuju-yon-sho
(64)
One person from the Bunke exceeds one from the Souke...
I see it's over.
That's truly amazing talent.
Who would've thought that the one who received the power
of Hyuga's Kekkei-genkai (blood limit) the strongest...
was a boy in Bunke who could never be an heir.
Hizashi... after all, you could've been in the Hyuga family’s.
I pressed 64 chakra holes on your entire body.
You won't be able to stand up anymore.
shit...
Vexed?
Kneeled down in front of a fate that can't be
changed and you finally realize you're powerless.
A dream will come true with hard work? That' just an illusion.
Hey, Hinata. Are you alright?
Oh man... as expected, eh.
Geji-mayu...
(thick-eyebrows)
Hinata...
Shit!
You... impossible...
I told you that I'm not good at giving up.
Impossible!
Hey, you're bleeding!
What's wrong?
You still have damage from the match...
Hinata! Calm down.
I'll take a look at her.
Who are you?
Well, I'm not somebody you need to suspect.
Stop it. It'll be the same result even if we fight any longer.
I don't hold a grudge against you anyway.
Be quiet. Even if you say so, I do hold one against you!
What are you talking about?
Why... why even though you're so strong...
and act like you see through everything...
you chose to mentally attack Hinata
who was making every effort she could!
It's none of your business!
You made light of Hinata, and concluded that she's a loser.
I don't know what happened between the Souke and Bunke, but
I will never allow an asshole like you to call people losers!
Hey you are...?
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
I understand. If you say that much, then I'll tell you about...
the hatred fate of the Hyuga.
Hyuga Souke has a secret ninjutsu that's been
passed down from generation to generation.
That is Juin-jutsu.
Juin-jutsu?
The cursed seal indicates that you're a bird in a cage...
Proof that you're one who is tied to a fate you can't escape.
What is it?
That seal is...
One day when I was four, I was inscribed by this
disgusting seal on my forehead by that Juin-jutsu.
On that day, there was a huge ceremony in Konoha village.
It was also the day when a shinobi-kashira from Kumo-kakure (Hidden Cloud) in
Kaminarai (Thunder) country that had been in war against Konoha for a long time...
came to seal the alliance treaty.
But there was one clan that wasn't attending the ceremony,
which everybody in Konoha, from Genin to Jonin attended.
That was the Hyuga Clan.
It was a long-awaited day when
the heir of the Souke turned three.
It was Hinata-sama's third birthday.
My father, Hyuga Hizashi, and Hinata-sama's father,
Hyuga Hiashi, who's sitting over there, were twins.
But Hinata-sama's father, Hiashi-sama was born
first to this world, the eldest son to be Souke,
and the second son, my father was Bunke.
Hinata-sama is already three. Congratulations.
Yes.
She's a cute girl, father.
What's wrong, father?
No, it's nothing.
Then, I'll take care of Neji, Hizashi.
Yes.
When an heir of Souke grows up and turns three,
I was inscribed by this seal and became a bird in a cage...
I became a Bunke of Hyuga!
Why was it necessary to do such a thing?
What meanings does it have... to separate
Souke and Bunke, or to give the strange seal?
The seal on this forehead is not just a decorative mark.
Your footwork is not good.
Yes.
Listen, Neji. You live for protecting
Hinata-sama of Souke and the Hyuga's ability.
Yes, father.
Sakkie! (dangerous spirit, blood-thirst)
Father
Father, what is wrong?
Go home. Today is the last to forgive a fool.
Never forget your destiny.
This seal is, in other words, a death,
an absolute terror that Souke gives Bunke.
The seal that Souke performs will easily
destroy the brains nervous system of the Bunke.
Of course, it is easy to kill.
And this seal will disappear only when I die.
Forever concealing the ability of Byakugan!
The Hyuga family is one clan that
has the most unique Kekkei-genkai.
There isn't any shortage of people who
want the secrets of this unique ability.
In other words, this seal is an effective
system that Bunke uses only to protect the Souke.
By never allowing the Bunke to disobey the Souke, and us
protecting the ability of the Kekkei-genkai, Byakugan forever.
And... then the incident happened.
My father was killed by the Souke!
One night, Hinata-sama was almost abducted by somebody.
Then, Hiashi-sama quickly came and killed the guy.
In the darkness, covering his face
with a mask... guess who that was?
The guy was Shinobi-kashira of Kaminari
country, who had just sealed the alliance treaty!
It was obvious that they came to get the
secret of Byakugan from the beginning.
But the Kaminari country asked for unreasonable
conditions saying Konoha broke the treaty...
because their shinobi was killed in the failure of their plan.
Of course, the relationship between Konoha and Kaminari
grew worse and they were close to starting a war.
But Konoha that wanted to avoid a war
and made a backdoor deal with Kaminari.
A deal?
The Kaminari demanded a dead body of a Hyuga Souke that
has the Byakugan... the dead body of Hyuga Hiashi-sama.
And Konoha accepted that demand.
But father is...
And a war was avoided.
Thanks to my dad, who was killed as Hyuga
Hiashi's double to protect the Souke!
There is no other way than death
to escape from this disgusting seal.
Even though they were twins whose abilities were almost even,
their fates were decided when one was born before the other.
And this match... your fate was already
decided when your opponent was decided as me!
Did he really close all my Tenketsu?
Shit... I can't feel my chakra in my entire body at all.
It is like the time when I used up all my
chakra during the training with Ero-sennin.
Wait... I get it.
Be surprised. I'm going to channel chakra no matter what!
Next episode
Deep Power of a Loser!
