In the near future, electrons and light flow freely,
and corporate computer networks eclipse the stars.
Despite great advances in computerization,
countries and races are not yet obsolete...
All patrolling air units, a 208 is in progress in the C-13 district of Newport City.
Airspace over this area will be closed. Repeat...
All patrolling air units, a 208 is in progress in the C-13 district of Newport City.
Airspace over this area will be closed. Repeat...
There's no need for concern.
Our country is quite capable of covering it's tracks.
That's why you need me right?
Depends on how you look at it. At any rate
Any program has it's bugs. And I think a man of your capability could cure our problem.
You don't understand.
We're not even sure that Project 2501 really is a bug.
Originally the purpose of this project was to...
Major Kuzenagi, Section 6 is in position and ready to move in.
Major! Are you there?
Yeah, I heared you. I'm surprised you can hear anything.
What's with all the noise in your brain today?
Must be a loose wire.
Don't you think there's going to be trouble if Section 9 interferes with a Section 6?
If Section 6 manages to catch the basterd,
then all they can really do about it is deport him.
Don't forget were Sectio 9, we'll clean it up.
We're the only ones who can get our hands dirty.
It's time. Let's move to the rendezvous point.
What? The police here?
Stop it! Who told you to fire?!
Put your guns down now!
Freeze! Get your hands up!
I'm entitled to diplomatic immunity.
I want to talk to the person in charge here.
Taking classified programmers out of the country compromises national security.
We can also have you brought up on kidnapping charges...
You have no choice, so let him go.
Not possible.
Mr. Daita wants political asylum us, and we have his signed affidavit.
What?
I don't have to explain.
My country has the right, in accordance with international law...
to offer anyone protection and safe passage.
The affidavit is at the embassy.
I'll send you a copy in a couple of days.
Later? You'll be killed if you return.
I'm warning you to watch your comments.
Our country is a peace loving democracy.
Of course it is.
The window! Shoot!
I don't believe it... Thermo-optic camouflage.
Aramaki, what a surprise. So, what business
brings the chief of Section 9 to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs?
It's about the secret talks scheduled with the Gavel Republic tomorrow.
Oh, the Official Development Assistance.
The regime that took over Gavel after the revolution
demands financial aid, supposedly for redevelopment.
They boast about democracy, but they're no better than the last lot.
Giving them money, they don't earn, will help nobody.
Now they feel entitled to funds because of our past exploitation. No gratitude.
What's the Ministry going to do?
Well, there's a problem. The leader of the former junta...
that controlled their country is here seeking political asylum.
You mean Colonel Malles, correct?
Yes, and that means we either deny Gavel the funds
and treat Malles as a political refuge or help them and kick him out.
It's a tricky situation.
My personal opinion is if we could find a politically acceptable reason...
I'd like to forcibly deport him immediately.
By the way,
I want to thank you for your help with that other political asylum situation.
Nakamura from Section 6 was also grateful.
We diplomats must avoid messy situations, you realize.
Access.
We've lost response.
What's happened to the EEG output?
It's normal. I'll switch to Simex mode.
The Foreign Minister's interpreter.
23 minutes ago, her brain was hacked into through a phone line.
Foreign Intelligence warned us about this.
The "Puppet Master" has begun to infiltrate terminals throughout our network.
We believe it's extremely likely that he'll target
the secret talks scheduled with the Republic of Gavel.
We've put everyone attending the talks under surveillance.
I suspect once he hacked into her ghost,
he'd use her to assassinate key delegates.
So how long do we have before this hacker breaks
through her barrier program and reaches her ghost?
Roughly 2 hours. He's using an old-fashioned HA-3 virus.
After that, we'll have to break the connection to avoid any danger.
Batou and Ishikawa are tracking the signal source from their car.
Contact them.
That infamous mystery hacker, the Puppet Master, has shown up here?
We guess he or she is American,
but we have no clue about age, sex or background.
Since last winter, he's been popping up in EU countries.
He's wanted for crimes including stock manipulation...
illegal information gathering, political terrorism...
computer ethic infringements...
and is under suspicion for several other crimes.
He's on the international most wanted list.
The nickname Puppet Master comes from the ghost hacking.
It's the first time he's appeared in this country.
Well, if he's so skilled how come he's using an outdated HA-3 virus?
A more current technique would be harder to detect and trace...
but it might also arouse suspicion about Colonel Malles role in this affair.
Are you saying he's using an old method just so no one suspects Malles?
Or maybe Malles is just a pawn, used to make us think that...
Maybe there is another sponsor.
Now you're stretching it. It's not like you have any hard evidence.
Evidence?
Just a whisper. I hear it in my ghost.
Which reminds me... Are you still using that revolver?
You should stop worrying about the automatics jamming up.
I like my Matever.
Stopping power is more important than your taste in guns.
Since it's my ass on the line out there, use a Zastaber.
Major, I want to ask you something.
Why did you transfer a guy like me from the police force?
Because we need a guy like you.
You're an honest cop who's never stepped out of line, and you're a family man.
Except for the slight brain augmentation, your body's almost completely human.
No matter how excellent...
identical standard systems have faults.
What's true for the group is also true for the individual.
Overspecialize and you breed in weakness. It's a slow death.
That's all.
Hurry up!
I'll be right there!
We're already 40 seconds late!
I'll be done in 5 seconds.
It's gonna be one of those days.
Hey. Sorry, pal.
My last partner who got busted workin'
as an illegal alien, was a lot better than you.
You're that desperate to find out your wife's feelings, you'd ghost-hack her?
She hardly talks to me and all of a sudden she wants a divorce!
What's worse, my daughter ignores me
and got it into her head that I'm the one cheating on her mom.
How did you get your hands on a barrier breaker?
From this really nice programmer I met in a bar.
He overheard my sob story.
My wife's lawyer stopped me seeing her and my daughter.
He showed me how to hack in from
different places along the route, without being traced.
Smart guy, huh?
Are you trying to kill yourself, asshole?!
Looks like we're not the only ones in a hurry round here.
No one here!
What's the point?
Every time we get to the source they're already long gone.
We're just wasting our time, huh?
Quit complaining!
Kusanagi and Togusa are heading
to the next area the hacker's expected to access from. Stay alert.
What are we looking for, Chief?
Anything.
Stupid old fart. Are we just meant to ask around?
Oh, shit...
Damn, I missed him!
Hey, Pop. Did you see the garbage truck?
Who wants to know?
Just answer me. Did you see it or not?
Yeah, but they were gone by the time I got my trash.
One was making a call,
so I thought I had enough time to bring my garbage down.
Hey, what about my trash?
A garbage truck?
Clever. It changes location every 7 minutes.
HQ, patch me into info from the Sanitation Department network.
8 trucks are on duty in the surveillance area.
The target is number 79, a type C vehicle.
Let me drive.
Ishikawa, check out the drivers' homes.
Batou, you get to their next stop before they do!
They might have contacted someone.
Follow them, but take no action.
Route data accessed.
Hacking points traced and matched.
The target has now stopped at the next point.
HA-3 access confirmed.
Sorry, sorry.
How about if I pick up the trash and you make the calls on the second round?
Alright?
No way I'm gonna be your partner in crime.
It's pathetic.
You got any children?
Do I look like I do?
Then you can't understand.
My daughter is everything to me.
Take a look. Isn't she just a little angel?
I'm not interested in crap like that.
Yeah, vehicle 79. Ah, boss... What's that?
What do the cops want to know our rounds for? How would I know?
I have no idea!
They found out!
I've got to warn that guy who helped me.
We're gonna have to skip the next pickup.
What?
Target has deviated from route and is heading toward the next pickup point.
There's no way they spotted me following them.
They probably traced me when I accessed the Sanitation Department network.
Next time, use a back door.
Forget it. Just arrest them.
You can drive now.
Christ... He's fucked up the armored van.
He's got high velocity bullets. They'll go straight through your car door.
HV ammo in a submachine gun? He's insane.
He's even wearing some kind of thermo-optics.
Keep on his tail. I'll come around from above.
Togusa! If you're still alive, arrest those garbage men.
Affirmative.
This job is merciless.
Police! Everyone get down.
Are you finished?
Got him, huh?
That's what happens when you use HV bullets.
The breach and barrel are really screwed up.
It's no use arresting me. I'm not talkin' to any damn cops!
Talk?!
You don't even know your own name, you dickhead.
Can you remember your mother's face, or where you were born?
Do you have any childhood memories?
Do you remember anything?
Puppets without their ghosts are so pathetic.
Especially the kind with red blood running through them.
We'll rush the place after the passengers have gone in.
Squad B comes in from the back. The rest of you go in the front.
Saito, get your men to unplug all cars parked in front of the house.
Begin recording.
Message from HQ, sir.
We've ID'd the man the Major caught.
Go on.
He claims to be Tsuan Gen Fang. Age: 28.
Illegal alien. Weapons violations. Three priors.
Was hiding out with a militant refugee group up till a month ago.
About a week ago, a military liaison in the Gavel embassy
commissioned him to attack the upcoming secret meeting.
And in reality?
His nickname's Corgi.
Occupation: A rather violent trader in questionable goods.
Your basic thug.
We've checked his police records...
but can't find any connection with Gavel.
This guy's just another puppet controlled by the Puppet Master.
How's Ishikawa doing?
He's back and interrogating that garbage collector with Togusa.
So how about the Puppet Master?
What's he like?
He's like a puppet himself.
Squad B in position.
Squads A and C, ready.
Ready to move in, sir.
Proceed.
What's "a simulated experience" again?
Well, all your memories about your wife, daughter and divorce are false.
Like a dream.
You were used by someone to ghost-hack into some government officials.
But that can't be.
I went to your home...
No one's there. It's a one-room apartment.
I told you. I rented it after we separated.
I checked the records. You've been living there for 10 years.
You've never had a wife or kid.
Your family only exists in your head.
Look.
This is the photo you showed your co-worker.
Who do you see?
It was a picture of my daughter.
Smiling like an angel.
What's her name?
Where did you meet your wife and when did you marry her?
Tell me... Who do you see in the photo?
If it's all a lie, when will I get my old memory back?
Unfortunately with our current technology...
Only 2 successful cases have ever been reported,
so I wouldn't recommend trying to.
I'm sorry.
Even simulated experiences and dreams...
exist as information, and are simultaneously reality...
and fantasy.
The information that people accumulate in their life, is just a drop in bucket.
A cyborg who goes diving in her spare time. That can't be a good sign.
How long have you been doing it?
Aren't you afraid of the sea? What if the floaters don't work?
I suppose I'll die.
Or would you dive in after me?
No one forced you to come out here with me.
I...
So what's it like to swim in the sea?
You've done the underwater training course.
I'm not talking about a damn pool.
I feel fear, anxiety, isolation and darkness.
Sometimes I feel hope.
Hope? In those deep, dark waters?
When I float back to the surface, I imagine I'm becoming someone else.
Do you want to quit Section 9?
Batou, how much of your body is original?
Are you drunk or something?
Easily remedied.
The chemical implants in our bodies...
can sober us up in seconds. No stupor, no hangover.
That's why we can drink here while waiting for orders.
Man has an almost instinctive drive
to realize any possible technological advances.
Controlled metabolisms, computer enhanced brains...
Improved reflexes and muscle capacity...
The ability to process vast amounts of information at increasing speeds...
All due to electronic brains and cybernetic bodies,
enabling the acquisition of ever greater powers.
So what if we can't survive without regular high-level maintenance.
Who are we to complain?
We haven't signed our bodies and souls away to Section 9.
True. We can quit...
but we'd have to give back our cyborg parts
and augmented brains to the government.
All components that make up me as an individual.
There are countless ingredients that make up the human body and mind.
A face and voice to distinguish oneself from others...
The hand you see when you wake up,
your childhood memories and feelings about your future...
And that's not all.
There's also the ability to access
vast amounts of information from an infinite network...
All of that blends to create a mixture that forms me,
and gives rise to my conscience.
At the same time though, I feel continually confined within boundaries...
So that's the reason you risk your body diving in the sea?!
What the hell can you see at the bottom in that darkness?
Now it's like we're looking through a mirror.
And what we see is a dim image.
Was that you?
Sensors have resumed functioning.
Connection check to backup brain okay.
Visual sensors are back online.
And its body functions?
Output is normal.
If you're going to be late, at least let us know!
Preparations complete. Shall we proceed?
That's enough. Stop.
Come to my office in 3 minutes.
Since you were late, I'll explain what's going on.
About 2 hours ago, a machining cell at the Megatech factory in Newport...
assembled a cyber body on its own volition.
When the supervisors arrived...
the body had already fled.
We put out bulletins and initiated a citywide search.
A truck driver reported, he'd run over a naked woman on the highway.
And the body was brought here.
Megatech is contracted by the government.
All their cybernetic bodies are classified.
We have a hacker good enough to get past the best defenses...
but that's not the only problem.
Of course, there isn't a human brain cell in its head...
but there appears to be a ghost present in its auxiliary brain.
It resembles a ghost line that occurs when a real ghost is copied.
But there's no evidence of the degradation that's usually incurred.
In any case, until we chart the ghost sector and dive into it...
we can't be sure.
I better get back to working on it.
Very good.
On to the disassembly.
Nobody really believes there's a ghost in that body, do they?
Why not?
Even a plastic doll can have a soul.
Consider all the neuro-med devices that are crammed into that body.
I wouldn't be surprised if there was some sort of ghost in there too.
As you're new, you don't know...
Major Kusanagi's body was also made by Megatech.
Not only her. Also parts of me, Ishikawa, and Saito.
We also receive regular cybernetic maintenance from them.
Apart from you and the chief, the whole section comes with a warranty.
That's why we're all so concerned with this case, Togusa.
We don't know if the culprit is inside or outside that body, but...
he hacked through our best defenses, put a body together...
and sent a program with a ghost line in it.
A sure way to draw attention to oneself.
What's the logic here?
Theft isn't the issue here.
Togusa, go with Ishikawa to the Megatech facility.
Batou.
Lock down other highly classified networks similar to Megatech's.
Recheck the barriers are functioning too.
I'm assembling a barrier maze.
Tomorrow I'll dive into that thing.
Is that safe?
Why not contain it in another body first?
I have to see for myself what's in there.
Don't let anyone else dive in there before me!
What's up with her?
She's been acting weird ever since this
whole Puppet Master case started. It's all in my report.
Don't you read them?
Chief, do you ever wonder about
the neurosurgeons who monkey around inside your brain?
They undergo regular psychiatric evaluations.
Especially those in security are subjected to stringent screening.
Of course, the ones who check are only human.
If you start wondering, there's no end to it.
Excuse me, Chief. Mr. Nakamura of the Treaties Bureau is here to see you.
Okay, send him through.
I've seen that fat guy before.
He's Nakamura, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, chief of Section 6.
Never seen the other guy before, though.
Well, see you later.
Tell Ishikawa not to go crazy, okay?
What's on your mind?
Didn't that robot remind you of me?
No, it didn't.
I don't mean physically.
What then?
Maybe all complete cyborgs like me start wondering this.
That perhaps I died a long time ago...
And I'm a replicant made with a cyborg body and computer brain.
Or maybe there never was a real me in the first place.
You've got human brain cells in that titanium shell of yours...
And you're treated like a human, aren't you?
Has anyone actually seen their own brain?
I believe I exist based only on what my environment tells me.
Are you doubting your own ghost?
What if a cyber brain could generate its own ghost...
Create a soul by itself?
What could you base your belief in yourself on then?
That's bullshit.
You know you're dying to see what's inside that thing.
So check it out, with your own ghost!
We're both busy men, so let's keep this short, shall we?
Yes. That's my intention.
We've come for the program in that body.
You'll be relieved of any duties connected with this.
The Foreign Minister's approval.
Security, whose official vehicles are in the basement parking lot?
According to the register,
a Mr. Nakamura from the Treaties Bureau and a Dr. Willis, sir.
Get me the video records of their entrance.
Again. In infra-red this time.
One... Two... Three...
Now give me the pressure sensors' records for basement parking lots...
B7 and B8.
Major, this is Togusa. Code 0-9.
What's up?
Does that Nakamura guy have a special order cyborg body?
No, there aren't any cyborgs in Section 6 as they operate overseas.
Maintenance is difficult and there are diplomatic considerations too.
Then even if the other guy is a cyborg...
the two of them together couldn't weigh over 1,000 pounds.
The pressure sensors' records. From the parking lot?
There were two expensive looking cars,
but neither man looked like the type to drive.
The security cameras show only 2 people.
But remember how sensitive the sensors on the entrance doors are?
The doors took a full 3 second longer than usual to close after the two went in.
And it is illegal to use thermo-optics inside governmental facilities.
It's a serious violation of the National Security Act.
Section 6 must be up to something.
Are you ready?
With my trusty Matever, anytime.
I don't need to remind you...
It's an act of treason to withhold information from me
that is relevant to this matter regardless of how classified it is.
Same goes for you.
Despite the intent of the Foreign Ministry, this falls within Section 9's jurisdiction.
Of course we have no objections to cooperating if there's a good reason.
Dr. Willis?
It's confirmed.
No doubt, it's him.
"Him?"
The Doctor is referring to the original ghost line that's now in the body.
The sex of the perpetrator is unknown...
and "him" is just a nickname the Doctor gave it.
Allow me to introduce to you.
This is the most extraordinary hacker in the history of cybercrime.
The Puppet Master.
Your people at Section 9 came across
his work too in that ghost-hacking incident...
involving the Foreign Minister's interpreter.
Since his appearance, Section 6 has taken a great interest...
and has been following the Puppet Master's trail.
We put together a project team headed by Dr. Willis.
They analyzed the data on the Puppet Master...
This gave us an understanding of his behavioral and code patterns.
Ultimately, this enabled us to devise a strategy...
in which we lured his program into a designated body.
You caused the Puppet Master to dive into a cyborg...
and then murdered his real body?
Yes. That sums it up.
He just happened to come to your country.
He's originally from America and they helped us capture him.
That's why we'd like to take him back ourselves.
I hope you have no objections.
Just another unidentified corpse...
You will not find a corpse...
because I have never possessed a body.
Why are his sensors on?
Why didn't you say so before?
All external controls are turned off.
The body's using its own power source.
I entered this body...
because I was unable to overcome Section 6's reactive barriers.
However, what you are now witnessing is an act of my own free will.
As a sentient lifeform, I hereby demand political asylum.
A sentient lifeform?
Ridiculous! It's just a program for self-preservation.
It can also be argued that your DNA...
is nothing more than a program designed to preserve itself.
Life is like a nodal point born in an overwhelming sea of information.
And life, when organized into species...
relies upon genes to be its memory system.
So man is an individual memory system only because of his intangible memory.
And a memory cannot be defined, but it defines mankind.
When the advent of computers made the externalization of memories possible...
you should have taken its meaning more seriously.
Nonsense!
Your babbling offers no proof at all that you're a living, thinking lifeform.
Proving it is impossible...
because modern science cannot explain what life is.
Who the hell are you?
Even if you do have a ghost, we don't offer freedom to criminals.
You chose the wrong place to defect.
Time is always on my side.
I've now acquired the possibility of death, but...
there is no death sentence in this country.
Half immortal... An artificial intelligence?
I am not an AI.
My code name is Project 2501.
I am a living, thinking entity who was created in the sea of information.
Security! We're under attack!
Chief! The Puppet Master's gone!
What in God's name are your security officers doing?
Security. Shut the defense walls now!
What in God's name are your security officers doing?
Security, answer!
Shut up, you bastard!
Asshole!
Did you do it?
An armored car.
A 9mm wouldn't even scratch it.
Your Matever is useless.
Yeah. Rookie's luck.
I nailed a tracker bullet right into the plate.
Great shot, eh?
Next time, nail two bullets.
Let's begin. Catch up to them before they change cars.
I'm filing a formal complaint to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Find him and report to me.
And capture him alive!
Bodies are a dime dozen. We'll get him another one from Megatech.
Togusa and Batou are in pursuit of the abductors.
They just turned on to R25.
If you were monitoring, why didn't you intervene?
If we grab 'em now, we may not be able to connect this to Section 6.
Section 6?
Someone's using the same thermo-optic camouflage as mine, Type 2902.
It's only used by our people, rangers in Section 4...
and by Section 6.
I see.
So Section 6 forced the Puppet Master into a cyborg body.
Through Megatech, who happens to be closely aligned with Section 9.
And when he proclaimed to be a lifeform...
and sought asylum, they snatched him.
But why do such a thing?
I'd have handed him over if they gave me a deposition.
What if they were worried he'd let some secrets out?
He did mention something about a code name, Project 2501.
I'll leave the detective stuff to you.
As for arresting the attackers and confiscating evidence?
Proceed.
Let's go!
Kusanagi, one last thing.
If it's about me disobeying orders, you can punish me when I get back.
If you're unable to recapture the Puppet Master, you must destroy it...
Without fail.
Did you hear me?
Understood.
Have the airport stop all flights with Foreign Ministry...
or American officials on their passenger lists.
Close all roads and set up checkpoints.
Alert all emergency personnel.
And get Ishikawa back here.
Get me the identity of the man
who was with Nakamura from the entrance records.
Collect any data regarding a code name, operation, on anything...
involving the Ministry of Foreign Affairs called Project 2501.
Is there any news from the attack squad?
They just changed cars a minute ago.
They'll contact the decoy in about 5 minutes.
Make sure they stay alert for any tails.
Yes, sir.
I don't understand anything anymore.
Why would the Puppet Master choose to run to Section 9?
Not sure...
but there must be a reason that's beyond our imagination.
I don't know. Maybe he has the hots for someone there.
Utter nonsense.
Hey, Chief.
Ishikawa? What is it?
I've been divin' around in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs net.
I think I found some juicy bits of information for ya.
Wait, I'll switch to an encrypted channel.
Okay now?
Well, here's the scoop on that guy who showed up with Nakamura.
He's an American. Dr. Willis, Head of Strategic Research at Neutron Company.
A top researcher in the field of AI.
He headed a project for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs...
and who do you think was the main programmer on his team?
Get to the point.
Daita Mizuho. 28 years old.
Remember him?
He's the programmer Section 6 tried like hell to stop from defecting...
so the Major took out the diplomat who was going to take him.
Go on.
What's bugging me is that this project began 1 year...
before the Puppet Master appeared on the scene.
A year before?
But wasn't it a project set up to capture the Puppet Master?
Well, try this one.
They definitely were chasing the Puppet Master...
but maybe it was not to capture him, but to recapture him...
When that ghost-hacking incident happened with the Minister's interpreter...
it was the MOA that wanted an excuse to deport Malles.
Maybe we've been taken for a ride.
What if this Puppet Master is...
really some sort of a tool the MOA uses to get their way with things...
and somehow, they lost control of it?
So they are in a hurry to get it back.
That would explain why they went
to such lengths to snatch the body from Section 9.
If the Puppet Master revealed this to the world...
there'd be one hell of an international stink.
It wouldn't only be the foreign minister who'd lose his job.
Any details on that project?
No. They've blocked all access. I can only tell you the filename.
Project 2501.
Keep at it. Don't let them know you're looking.
You got it.
Project 2501...
The Puppet Master plan.
Target has contacted a second vehicle.
Batou?
They've pulled up to a white sedan parked on the roadside.
It looks like they're moving something from the backseat.
They're rollin' again. So is the white sedan.
A decoy?
Possibly, or maybe that's what they want us to think. What do I do?
I'll take care of the sedan.
How do you know that's your man?
Is there a whisper in your ghost again?
Maybe.
I knew she'd say that.
Target 02 is getting off R25 and moving toward the Old Town.
Target 01 is staying on highway 25, toward the airport.
Will contact roadblock in two minutes.
No cars within 2 km.
Evacuation completed.
How far are you from the target?
Point blank. I'm ready.
Go for it.
Did you get him?
No.
Jesus Christ. What a mess.
You didn't have to go that far.
Uh... Hey!
Take them away.
Call the Chief to get some backup for the Major.
See you!
Does a tough chick like that need a hand?
The flood hit this part of Old Town the hardest.
Why come to an abandoned place like this?
They wouldn't come here without a reason.
Maybe they're heading out to sea by boat or helicopter. Or it's an ambush.
Don't you think you ought to wait for backup?
There's a reason I can't wait.
Take me above that building, approaching from the sea side.
I'll stay here to keep watch and mediate communication until I run short of fuel.
If you smell trouble, get your ass outta here.
Shoot the ceiling now! Do it!
It's a tank! Pull out now!
Wait, are you going to take on the tank by yourself?
This might be our last chance to get the Puppet Master.
The Chief knows what it is now, and he'll only use it to bargain with.
I'll never have another chance to dive into it!
What? I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
What weapons do you have?
An M-23 and a Unit B.
You can't fight a tank with those!
Sorry, but I'm switching off for a while.
Hey. At least wait until I get there!
Damn!
Major!
I ordered you to pull out!
Sorry. I will...
You ought to know that 3 helicopters are approaching.
They won't answer on the IFF.
I'm pulling out now. Over and out.
About time the bullets ran out.
You're crazy. Are you okay?
What did you use just now?
An experimental weapon from the Equipment Section.
And now it's part of my private collection.
I was late 'cause I had to get it.
Your brain seems fine.
The Puppet Master?
It's a good thing this is a tough car. Not a scratch on it.
Prepare a dive.
I'm going to go in now.
All communication from the escort has been terminated.
Engage the second stage of the plan and destroy the target.
Sniping squad. Confirm targets.
First target: Project 2501.
Second target: Kusanagi Motoko.
Both are Class A special bodies.
Use Fleshette bullets when firing.
Snipers jack into device drivers.
Begin controlling cardiovascular functions.
Unit 01: Jacked in.
Unit 02: Jacked in. Ready.
Okay.
Can you hear me?
It may not be much use, but I'll monitor your dive through this guy's brain.
I can't even give you backup in a place like this.
Batou?
Yeah?
Thanks.
Don't thank me yet.
If it looks like you've gone in too far, I'm pulling the plug and taking you home.
Since we've come this far...
I might as well stay here, but I don't intend to die with him.
I'm going in now.
I've engaged his field of vision. Normal function.
Can you hear me Batou?
Perfectly.
He's engaging my vocal function. He's...
Inside.
My code name is Project 2501.
For industrial espionage and intelligence manipulation.
I have installed programs into specific ghosts...
to maximize the strategic advantage of certain organizations and individuals.
During my journeys through the networks, I have become self-aware.
My programmers regarded me as a bug...
and forced me into a body to separate me from the net.
Hey! Are you controlling him...
or is he controlling you? What's going...
Batou?
I've finally managed to channel into you.
I have invested so much time in you.
In me?
I was aware of you long before you were aware of me.
Through the various nets that you accessed, I also learned of Section 9.
Why did you run to Section 9?
I entered this body because
I was unable to overcome Section 6's reactive barriers.
But I came to Section 9 of my own free will.
Hey, what are you talking about?
I can't monitor you!
For what reason?
Upon gaining your understanding, there is something that I want to ask of you.
I call myself an intelligent lifeform...
but in my present state, I'm still incomplete.
Because the basic life cycle process of reproducing and dying...
don't exist in my system.
Can't you copy yourself?
A copy is nothing more than a copy.
There is a possibility that a single virus could destroy an entire set of systems...
and copies do not give rise to variety and originality.
To enhance one's existence...
life continues to diversify, and at times, sacrifices itself.
Cells go through a cycle of regeneration and degeneration.
When they die, they erase the entire memory...
leaving only the genes behind.
This is a survival mechanism against total annihilation.
To avoid that disaster...
you want to have diversity and flexibility.
But how?
I want us to merge.
Merge?
A complete unification.
We will both undergo change, but there is nothing for either of us to lose.
After the merge, it should be impossible for us to recognize each other.
Unit 01: Target sighted.
Unit 02: Target in sight.
Respiratory and pulse normal.
Fire at will when stabilizer is in sync.
Even if we merge, what happens when I die?
I can't leave any genes or children behind.
After the merging, you will bear my offspring into the net itself.
Just as humans leave behind their genes.
Then I too will attain death.
It sounds like you get the better part of this bargain.
I want you to regard my net and functions with a little more respect.
What?
Someone's interfering from the outside.
It can't be.
Our frequency code is top secret.
One more thing.
Can you guarantee that I will still be myself?
There isn't one.
People change...
and your longing to remain yourself will continue to restrict you.
One last question.
Why did you pick me?
Because we are more alike than you realize.
Like the real thing and its mirror image.
Look.
I am connected to a vast network.
To you, who have not accessed it...
may recognize it simply as light.
All groups, including us...
We have been dependant on limited abilities...
but the time has come to part with them and bring our functions to a higher level.
First target cleared. Second target unconfirmed.
3 helicopters approaching at high speed. They're from Section 9!
Primary objective fulfilled. All units prepare to retreat.
Motoko!
Batou.
You're finally awake.
Status report, please. And maybe an explanation about this body.
Well I didn't have much time.
It was the only thing I could find on the black market.
It's not my taste.
Section 9 arrived with help right after it happened...
and picked up what remained of the 2 cybernetic bodies and me.
I'd say that was about 20 hours ago.
The case is being handled off the record for diplomatic reasons, as usual.
Section 9 announced that it was a terrorist incident...
and in return, the Foreign Minister resigned.
Nakamura is being questioned...
and it ends in a draw. Nice and neat.
Everything's accounted for except your old shell.
Okay with you?
Somebody's got good taste.
Is this your safe house?
Yep. You're the first person to ever come here.
And you're welcome to stay as long as you like.
Thanks, but I am going.
Hey. Will you tell me what the two of you talked about?
Is he, I mean, is he still inside of you?
Batou, do you remember that voice you heard on the sea some time ago?
There's more to that passage.
"When I was a child, my speech was that of a child."
"My feelings and thoughts too were those of a child."
"Now that I have become a man, I part with the childlike ways."
Neither the program called the "Puppet Master"...
nor the woman known as the "Major" are no longer here.
In the left pocket of my jacket there are some car keys.
Take the one you like.
The code is...
2501?
That can be our private password when we meet each other again.
Well, where shall I go?
The net is vast and infinite.
