Well done, Bo Tat
Linh, time to go home

On your feet!
I'm Doyle, you're my ride. Let's go!
Captain Doyle sir, straight approach to the LZ is out
Beaucoup N.V.A.
We're gonna have to take a scenic route
2 o'clock!
Old friend, my Charlie's got a 51. He's down there every day, hopin' and waitin'.
Couldn't hit the broadside of a... Whoo!
Come on, Charlie!
You son... Come on, Charlie!
Got another?
Thanks for the ride!
Bad rat? Rat here no good,
makes people sick, stick to snake
No! No, thanks
- You're Captain Doyle
I am Jhon
Where is Captain Cahill?
Uptrail, but you rest.
We eat then go
I'll wait for you at the top
Try it with 60-pounds pack!
Not your fault. 
You're not used to air, up high
You know Captain Sam?
I know of him
Where i'm from, everybody knows of him, he is a legend. So where is he?
Cahill
- Sam right there
Where? which hut? Where is he?
- No, no, Sam right there.
Captain Samuel Cahill? SOG / AT 39?
Stop
This is Doyle
He is my replacement
You're the guest of honour
Thanks for the reception
Took you longer than expected, we are waiting for you, have a little trouble on the hill?
Uh, they always have a wine ceremony, to celebrate the arrival of an important visitor
Of course, they'd have a wine ceremony to celebrate the arrival of Tuesday
It's numpai, rice wine. It tastes like combination of sugar water and vomit
It's a little early in the day to be hammered, isn't?
- You have to drink it, all of it
And whatever you do, don't spit it out. It's incredible insult to the chief
If that's it maybe we could go, we have to...
- Not quiet, you have to meet Po
Po? He's a village elder or what?
- Kinda, here he comes
Don't turn around, close your eyes,
Po want to touch your face
You don't want to insult Po.
It's worse then spit out the wine
Close your eyes
- Close my eyes...
This is serious NVA teritory Captain
They know the Montagnard are helping us so they come around here all the time lookin' for any excuse to give 'em hell
Rule 1: Don't give 'em one
That's why you couldn't fly here direct, or why I only come here when it's safe
And rule number two?
- Never forget rule number one
I think i can remember that
I leave here Saturday, That gives me a week to get you ready
- Oh, I'm prepared, Captain. I can do the job.
And how you gonna do it? By the book?
- There's a better way?
Look, I've got few things to tie up, Jhon will show you around and answer any questions
Captain, i didn't come here for a village tour
My order are go to the trail
They don't start moving the big stuff until after midnight
Until then Captain Doyle, i suggest you start getting know about this village
These people have been in difference between life and death for me
What's that?
- The forest gives us so much
We pay tribute for protection of the good spirits
So she's not just a big pet?
- No no, We use elephants
My father, his father, his father, forever.
War drive elephants south
Dak Nhe lucky to have one, Dak Nhe are blessed
I am happy for ya, look let's...
Let's go see the trail
- Sam say we go later
I know but you're working for me now right? Forget Sam, where's the trail?
I forget
Candy you got?
No! No, Get... No candy, get away
I only have one, understand? One? One
This is great...
That's it?
Ho Chi Minh trail, disappointed? I was
I expect to something a little bit more established, that's the beauty of it
You call in an airstrike, blow the heck out of it, and they move it
They use it to supply entire of the army, it never stops
Oh, look at that, shoulder-fire surface-to-air missiles
Second set of SA-7 s we've seen come south this week
- Really?
America does not care gift
Remember that
No, no
- Shut up
Because you help Americans, we have to punish you
Colonel Nguyen, you will find this really necessary?
Do you think I will not do it Quang? I will
You do it then
You bring bad spirits!
- It wasn't my fault!
The kid took at me, he stole the candy and he ran off
Ok, it was my fault!
I'm sorry about the elephant
If i could bring him back to life, i would
We no want you, you go!
Fine!
- Maybe you can
The tradition here is that at high noon on the last day of wapasat, the new moon festival
The King of Fire enters on top of the village elephant, now we have to do it by Friday
That's pushin' it
- Wait, do what by friday?
Duan, I give you my word, that when the King of Fire enters the village this wapasat
He will not do so on his own feet, he is going to get you a new elephant
I'm not getting them an elephant, no! no!
These people have risked their lives helping us
- Let's get them a tractor
A tractor would last eight minutes in that vil...
- So don't get them anything!
Will you both shut up?!
The village provides important support for our operations in the region
If we don't get them an elephant by Friday afternoon, we lose the village
We don't need the village, it's as simple as that
Maybe we don't need the village but then again maybe we do, and i think we err on the side of caution this time Captain Doyle
You two go out and get 'em their elephant
- We'll need some men sir, five should do it
You get two, two of the very best and brightest I can borrow
Now get out of here
Whatever you do, don't embarass me
Don't worry sir
Hold on a second
Aren't we forgetting something?
Who's gonna lead this delightful little operation?
- I am
- I am
Oh, I'm sure you both have a very good reason. The thing is i really don't care
So, odd or even?
- Evens
Spec-4 Ashford?
- No sir, he's in the hooch
Ashford! Haul your butt out of here!
- Sir, he ain't coming out
Why is that red?
- Well, he's short... seven days
He goes back to the world next Monday, this man taking no chances, he ain't coming out of his hooch for two days
Grenade! Oh that's really funny, who's the hillarious son of a...
My mistake
Pack your gear and be ready to move out at 1300 hours, you've been reassigned
This is some kind of joke, right?
- It's a joke alright
You can't reassigned me, Sir...
i'm catching the freedom bird in 7 days
168 hours, man
I'm so short of it, you know
- For 1300 hours, Ashford
Dang it!
Spec-5 Farley?
- Yes, sir!
So, what's the mission, sir? Unless you can't tell me like if we're operatin' on a need-to-know basis
- We are, and you don't.
- Yes, sir.
Where are you from farley?
- Iowa sir, or as my Uncle Fergus likes to put it:
"I owe a hell of a lot of money on them farm loans." He doesn't say much of nothin' since the thresher accident
My mama likes to say you can hardly tell anything happened to Fergus unless you get up real close, but I beg to differ
- You been on a farm?
- Yes, sir. My daddy owns a dairy farm seein's I being from the Corn State
- So you've had experience with animals
- Yes, sir
There's none of 'em good, I don't know what it is, animals don't seem to like me, never have, probably never will
And that didn't make life easy growin' up on a farm, tell you that
Shoot, one of the main reasons why I joined the army in the first place, to get away from all them dang animals
Gilman, hey, I need 25 Submariners at $300 per, okay?
Gilman, may I remind you I have friends with absolutely no regard for the sanctity of human life, okay?
I say the word, I have your head in a bag on my desk tomorrow morning, hang on...
General, it's done, $425 per
Pleasure doing business with you, sir, Yes, sir
And give my regards to your lovely wife and daugh...
I didn't mean anything by that, sir. I just... Sir, I gotta go. I got a call on the other line. All right, thank you.
Gilman, say, where were we? I think I had your head in a bag, $350? Done
All right, send them to General John Richardson in Da Nang, please, thanks pal
And, oh, by the way, Gilman, I'd still have somebody taste your food
- I thought you were dead
- You mean, you hoped I was dead
What can I do for you guys?
You're a requisitions officer. Well, we require something
Not even funny
- We need an elephant by tomorrow
Or you don't think you can do it?
Please, spare me the "I dare you crap," Cahill, everybody knows I can get anything, anywhere, anytime
Just so happens, I'm startin' five days R & R
This time tomorrow, I'll be sitting on a beach in Hawaii, my friend
- You're getting us the elephant.
- Or what?
You're not still gonna try to hold that business with the 64th over my head? Come on
So the pork was a little off!
- A little off?
I know men who spent a week on the latrine because of that pork
It's old news, Cahill, I got too many friends in high places to go down for something small-time like that now
Oh, I know other things about you, Poole
- Let me tell you somethin', Cahill
There isn't anything you know that's gonna keep me from gettin' on that plane to Honolulu
[Doyle] A hundred eighty miles in the middle of a war
- We can get a truck and drive it up close to Dak Nhe that'd take about three days
And another day to walk it in, We'll get there by Friday
- Actually, I was thinkin' more along the lines of air travel
I lined up a cargo plane to meet us at an airstrip near Ban Don, okay?
We fly the elephant down to this old C.I.A. Airstrip about a three-hour walk from Dak Nhe
Then your Montagnard friends have their elephant by 2:00 this afternoon, I'm sitting on the beach in Waikiki in time to see the sunset
And you wanted a week! Good job, Poole!
We're comin' up on Ban Don now, there's no place to land in the rice paddies
We'll have to go to an L.Z. behind the village
It was real hot here two weeks ago, probably okay now
Probably? We're gonna land on a "probably"?
- Lock and load!
Hey, this isn't... This isn't that bad. I-lt's kinda, kinda peaceful, really
All right, move out
Well, Cahill? You want elephants, I give you elephants
Beautiful elephants, i might add, at no extra cost
Knowing you, Poole, they're probably big puppets with men inside
- Let's go!
Y B'ham?
Let me handle the negotiation, I already talked to this guy on the radio
Thinks he's tough, but I'm gonna crack him like a walnut
Hello, sir, we were agreed at 40,000 
There are additional costs, tax, cleaning 
I understand that
- 60,000 so
No, 45,000
- 60,000
50,000
What's the problem? I thought you could negotiate anything
- I can, with leverage, the problem is, we don't have any
He doesn't care if he sells the elephant or not, I don't make his price, he blows the deal
What's his price?
- Problem number two: He wants 60,000 piasters
The requisition form Capt. Doyle gave him is only good for 50,000, so...
- That's it? 10,000 piasters, that's only about 150 bucks
- We can raise that between us
- No, you tell him 50,000 is our final offer
- We can do it
Private funds can't be used for an official purchase as per regulations, it's also an order
Understood? Tell him
I get it, it's a perfect way out for you, you blow the deal and the mission's over
It's what you've wanted from the beginning
We're going back to the L.Z. and call for a ride, let's go!
- Poole, let's move it
- Okay, 50,000
You're quite a negotiator, Doyle
Gracious sir, perhaps now we could go to the river and pick our elephant
River? 50,000 no get elephant in river, 50,000 get you Bo Tat, Bo Tat!
Bo Tat is she, not he.
Boy is Linh, Boy go with Bo Tat
What? No, boy no go with Bo Tat
- Boy go with Bo Tat
We're going to a village far away. I'm sure Linh's family would...
- Boy has no family, all killed
In the war?
- No, hit by falling star
Yes, in war...
- Which side?
It matter?
- I think it's better if the boy stays here
He not belong here, from north, not our people
We might as well take him with us
- No!
We're not taking a kid with us
- He'll be my responsibility
- No, Captain!
Anyone else here know how to work an elephant?
I was in love with a fat woman once, but she never listened to me
Oh, Mr Y B'ham, you must know how to work an elephant, right, sir?
I live with elephants all my life, I learn nothing?
Is this guy sarcastic, or is it just me?
Great, would you like to come with us, sir?
- 20,000 piasters
Deal!
- Good job, Doyle
I think Mr Y B'ham would be a wonderful choice, just one problem
- What?
He stares not because he was so wise, he is blind as a bat
Y B'ham not blind!
Y B'ham can...
Y B'ham is blind
10,000 piastres?
- [Farley] It's a nice view.
- [Ashford] What nice view?
All I can see is an elephant's butt!
[Doyle] Any luck?
I've tried Vietnamese, Cambodian, French, and three dialects of Jeh
- Keep an eye on 'im
- He's on an elephant. He's hard to miss
You know what I mean, we don't know which side killed his family, it could've been us
He might hate Americans, we don't know, and until we do, he can't be trusted
- Doyle!
He right, Linh can't be trusted
Linh not trust Americans, Americans not trust Linh
Everything's number one A-okay
Uh, that elephant just came along to say goodbye, right? You're not actually thinkin' of puttin' that on my plane?
What's the problem?
It's an elephant
- Yeah, but, Major...
- No, no. You see!
You cannot put an elephant on an aeroplane, suppose it starts to panic and starts movin' around?
I lose trim, the plane goes down! We all by the farm...
- That's important, what he just said
- I, I mean...
No, no, no! It's not gettin' aboard the plane unless it's dead, now...
I'd be happy to oblige, if you've all grown too attached to it
- No!
Linh, it's okay, no one's gonna shoot Bo Tat
Do you have a package for Dr David Poole, D.V.M. on board?
Yeah, I do
Here we go gentlemen, animal tranquillizer, she won't move an inch
Bo Tat's gonna take a big nap-nap
Yeah, nice try, but I don't care. See, my orders say nothing about lifting an elephant
Gentlemen, you have a good war
Major, maybe you should read... this
This operation's top secret, and that's why you never heard anything about our large mammal friend over there
As a matter of fact, if anybody asks, you're movin' a shipment of tuna
Tuna?
- Tuna
Movin' an elephant
- What elephant?
You got ten minutes
Gentlemen, I'm responsible for anything that goes on in the cargo hold
Now, if that thing even twitches, you're gonna see an elephant fly
Hey, that's funny
All right, yeah. What's with the letter?
General Westmoreland, top priority, got eight left, now
I couldn't get elephant tranquillizers because the only place that has it is the London Zoo and it would take too long to ship, so...
And what's that?
- Water buffalo tranquillizer
It's not as strong, but my vet guy says you just give her a bit more, it should work
My word!
- I guess we give her one now, and then we give her... one later if she needs it
How are we supposed to get her to swallow one of these?
Well, actually, according to this, she's not supposed to... swallow it
Well, Dr David Poole!
- No!
Oh, no, no, no, no, I told... I said I would help you guys out but putting my hand up an elephant's ass was never part of the deal, no
On three
- Oh, no
What do you have?
- Evens
- Okay. One, mmm, uh!
Don't you move, you big suitcase
Oh, that's horrible! Yech!
You weird
Good thinkin', Poole
Well, come on, let's go. Let's get her on the plane before this stuff kicks in
Linh thought you jokin', Bo Tat not get on plane
Excuse me?
- Bo Tat no like be in plane
How often does she fly?
- Bo Tat no like plane!
The kid's right, let's get a truck
- The plane is here, we're taking the plane
Bo Tat no like plane!
- Kid!
I'll handle it.
- Well, then, handle it
Hurry up. If she goes down out here, you'll never get her inside
You nice American? You think you number one? You number ten!
You all number ten!
- Cahill!
Heads up
- You number ten!
Tell her to lie down
- What you do to Bo Tat?
Tell her to lie down so she doesn't hurt herself
T.K.0.
What'd you do?
- She's okay, Linh. Not dead
You kill! Americans kill everything! You kill everything! You kill Bo Tat!
- Hey, hey, hey!
You kill Bo Tat!
She's fine
She's just sleeping
What's the first thing you're gonna do when you get home?
First thing? Hug my mama, and give her a big kiss
Second thing.
- Second thing? Get her some Kleenex
She gonna be bawlin' her eyes out. What about you, Captain? What's waitin' for you back in the world?
A hammer
My brother's got a roofing company in Fort Lauderdale, he wants me to be a partner, I can't wait
Been dressed in green too long, time to get a real life
Hey, hey, hey, hey! What are you kissin'? What is that?
Oh, it's nothin'
- What? Come on, what is it?
It's stupid, it's, uh...
When I first got to Nam, I was in the main administration building in Da Nang...
feelin' scared and nervous like we all do, and thinkin' about home
I was walkin' past this Coke machine, A bottle of Coke just dropped down, so...
I drank that bottle of Coke, and kept the cap for luck
So, has it worked?
Well, I, I don't really
believe in that stuff, but, you know two years without a scratch, who knows?
I'll buy it.
- Nah, man. I couldn't. Forget it
C'mon, I got $20. I'll buy it
Nah. Keep your money, man
- Uh, $40?
Well, hell, if it means that much to you. I mean...
- He just got it off the bottle he's been drinkin'
Captain, the Major wants a word with you
Hey, Farley, look at this great big beautiful beast, how can you not like something like that?
- Well, sir, I tell ya...
We got a nasty head wind, give baby the other dose, Captain
Poole, we have to give the elephant the second pill
Farley had a little run-in with the second pill, Captain
Well, how much longer will she stay out?
If one of these things is supposed to knock out a water buffalo for six hours, and Bo Tat's about the size of three water buffaloes...
How much longer do we have?
- We got another hour... easy
I was usin' the metric system
Tell me you did that
It's awake!
- What was your first clue? Dump it
Hit the button! Hit the button!
Get back there and shoot it!
Shut it!
- We're gonna die!
Go back in the pit, pilot boy
- All right
Wait! Wait a minute! You can't leave me here! Hey!
I'm gonna call L.B.J.! I knew it! Agh!
Guys? Guys! Wait up!
Bo Tat scared. Bo Tat need me.
- Well, all I need is for you to run off and get lost
Let me go!
- Doyle, let him go.
- If I let him go, we might never see him or the elephant again
If you don't let him go, you'll never see Bo Tat again, that's for sure, I'll go with him
We have each other
And I will not let anything happen to you
I tell them you don't like Aircraft
And they learned, right?
Bo Tat 
I'm sorry that you were afraid
Bo Tat understand American
Bo Tat, we're gonna take you to a beautiful land high in the mountains where you'll be loved and respected
Where the air is cold and fresh, and the water is cool and sweet
It's the land where you came from, Bo Tat. It's where you belong
Come with me
I saw them from a plane
An elephant, you sure?
- Yes
Why an elephant?
I know
That is the symbol of the Republican Party
- So what?
Nixon is Republican
That is crazy
Say it to Colonel Nguyen
And we're about here
Which means we're not that far from Tuy Hoa. Maybe about ten miles
We can get there tomorrow, and get ourselves a truck
An elephant on a truck for 150 miles in the middle of a war
Piece of cake
- Gilman, you know the solid gold dog tags? They're yours, all you gotta do is get me outta here
Man, I just can't spend the night in here. Just send somebody
- Poole. Poole! Poole! Gimme that
- Hang on a second
What are you doin'?
- Rustlin' up some accommodations, Captain. I can have beer and steak, and padded cots here
in like half an hour, maybe even some ice cream. And then I figured since you guys...
don't really need me any more, I could sorta head back with the pilot...
If all the enemy within five miles doesn't already know we're here, they sure as hell will when a Huey lands
C'mon, gimme a break, will ya? I got ya the elephant
I'm supposed to be sittin' in the middle of a beach now, worrying about my tan line, not out here in Boonieville worrying about snakes
Snakes?
- You're right, Poole. You shouldn't be here. Give me the radio
I call General Richardson
I'm sure he can get you reassigned
Break out rations, gentlemen. This is home tonight
Bet you wish you had your lucky bottle cap now, don't you, you smart ass
What you doin'?
H.A.'s goin' home soon, Linh, he wants good luck to make sure he gets there safe
You want good luck?
Don't tell me. You have an ancient Vietnamese bottle cap you're willin' to sell me
Linh not sell anything
Here elephant is good luck
You want good luck, you touch Bo Tat
Yeah, right
So, what's bad luck?
Um, don't whistle in dark, snake will come out and bite you
- Snakes
It get worse
- Yeah?
- If you see owl at night, someone in your family die
Wow, so that's the worst
- No!
- No?
Owl nothing compared to crow, you see crow anytime...
That very, very bad luck
- So, what happens when you see a crow?
I tell you, if you see a big black bird, you run away!
You know what? This country's really beautiful, I mean, I am shocked
Yeah, it is great, isn't it? Kinda reminds me of home
- Oh, yeah?
Got a lot of rice paddies in corn pone lowa, do they, Farley?
No, that's Arkansas. I just meant, you know...
- Meant what?
Tell me exactly what you meant. Tell me exactly what it is about this place that reminds you of home, huh?
What is it? The spirit-crushing humidity? The disease-bearing insects?
Or is it the special feeling that comes from the knowledge that at any given moment a sniper's bullet could come spiraling towards your forehead? Is that it?
Poole, I'm getting this weird feeling you don't like it here, what's wrong with you?
I love it. Everybody loves it
Bet you're the only American in Vietnam who'd rather be someplace else, enough!
Hey! Hey, come on! Gimme... Get... Ooh!
Let's keep moving
Where're you going? Hey!
- They're going to help
For the love of...
Cahill, don't get me wrong
I would like nothing more than to skip through the countryside doing good deeds, but we don't have the time. We have to get a truck, remember?
It won't take long. Besides, we might even get something out of it
Maybe they'll give you the stump
You go play Good Samaritan. I'm gonna go to the road and do our job. Okay?
Go! Go play! Go play!
They go with the elephant to replace the dead elephant?
- Yes, now they're on the way to replace the one we kill
You kill the elephant
We make sure that the Americans not fulfill their promise
Then they will not have support anymore from that village!
Where is everyone?
- They'll be back any minute
Big stump 
- America won something today
And we didn't even have to shoot anyone
Well, we lost two hours, and we still don't have ourselves a truck, so...
How 'bout an old diesel with a 16-foot flatbed? You think that oughta do?
One of our development agencies gave them a truck
So they gave it to us for pulling out the stump
So, how long have you had Bo Tat?
- Forever, she belong father
What happened to your father?
- He die
Well, how'd that happen?
Do you think it was our side?
I don't know
I hope not
Colonel, I have the Americans
and found the elephant
They will not leave from here
We got a leaky radiator, I'll try to patch it
What do you need?
I need to Saigon. These men have captured me
Poole, I speak the language
- It's a joke
Any more jokin', I'll call you-know-who
We need food for the elephant
Bo Tat need move
Food! Water! She hungry
She thirsty
Now!
- All right, all right
All right, H.A., Farley, take her down to that fountain there, and give her some water, we'll give her food when we get it
Ooh! Oh, Bo Tat, geez! What you been eatin', baby?
One, one minute?

One moment?
Surround them and attack if I give the word
Farley, where does she go?
Captain Doyle,
Captain Cahill, help!
Linh, stop that elephant!
- Come back here!
Watch out for the elephant!
Hey, I'm sorry about your chickens
- Linh, we need to turn the elephant back this way
We need to bring it back, we need to bring the elephant back this way
Turn it around and bring it back!
We gotta go this way!
Let's go!
But you haven't even done the...
Let's go!
Gimme your hand
Look out!
- Captain, slow down!
Come on, Farley!
That doesn't sound very good
- I know, but we don't have time to stop
If they weren't after us before, they will be now. That guy at the feed depot wasn't the only N.V.A
They try to blend in, but they all got that same damn haircut
Hey, w-where's he goin'? 
- Poole, where're you going?
- Saigon
Get back here!
- Poole, do you want me to call Gen. Richardson?
Yeah Cahill, yeah I do. Okay? Call Gen. Richardson, let me get him on the line here for you, okay?
Because I am sick and tired...
That's it! I've had it, okay? okay?
I was on a plane that almost crashed! I came this close to being killed by an angry mob, and now look at my uniform
It's covered in elephant crap!
So, if you think that I really give a damn whether or not you call Gen. Richardson and tell him that I slept with his wife, huh?
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on
You slept with the wife of General "Kill 'em all and let God sort it out" Richardson?
I thought it was his daughter
- Oh, yeah, he would've been fine with that
First off, Poole, Saigon's the other way. Second...
The nearest town in any direction is Hau Bon, which is 30 miles upstream. And third...
the only hope in hell you have of getting out of here alive is to stay with us
It's cooked!
What are we gonna do, Captain?
We wait. Things come along when you need 'em
My motto is: Have a little faith
- Well, my motto is: Explosives, and plenty of 'em!
Load the truck with all the claymores and grenades we've got
String one of the claymore's trigger wires to the door, N.V.A. Comes along, goes to open the door... kaboom!
If we're lucky, it might even take out the bridge
- Lucky for who?
People around here use this bridge every day
- That's enough already! We're in a war here, in case you don't remember
If you're right about the N.V.A. Being after us, they're gonna be coming down that road for one reason, and one reason only...
To kill us! Their lives are my responsibility!
So excuse me if I don't get all choked up at the thought of disrupting some local peasant's daily commute
How do you know the N.V.A. Is gonna be the first ones here? What if it's a bunch of school kids who are goin' home?
You ever think about that? No! Why? Because guys like you don't think things through!
Me? What about you?
You've got five people and an elephant risking their lives so you can go home with a clear conscience
You're afraid when you're up on the roof with your brother in Fort Lauderdale and you're lookin' back over your sparklin' military career
you're not gonna like what you see! You're afraid Vietnam's gonna wipe out everything you did before
so you want to do one good thing before you go, Which is great!
But your one good thing isn't pulling a kid out of a burning building, or diving on a grenade, it's this!
And because it's this, it means it involves us! But you didn't think about that, did you? No!
Why?! Because guys like you don't think things through!
Hey, come on, sirs, break it up
Break it up, sirs
Pull me up!
- Just give me your hand
You okay?
- Whew!
I'm real happy about my decision to stick with you guys
At the risk of rekindling hostilities, what do we do now?
Like I said, have a little faith.
Is that my ears, or has your singing actually gotten worse?
Must be your ears,
'Twas already as bad as it could be.
"Have a little faith," my eye!
You knew this boat was coming!
My first tour, I was stationed at Hau Bon
Every Wednesday afternoon, Monsieur Goddard and the Marie Antoinette would drop in
He gave us the best intelligence on the location of the V.C. We ever got
What can I say? I love America.
You gave the V.C. Their best intelligence on our location too!
I can't help it, you know, I love everybody.
Would anyone like some wine?
Wine? No! What is this, the opening of an art gallery?
No! This is a war, the Green Beret motto is "Free the oppressed", Not, "Eat, drink and be merry"
Yeah. Now it is!
What did I do?
What did I do?
I should be on some high-priority mission with a group of crack commandos
Instead I'm in an episode of McHale's Navy, starring Dumbo, Mr French and the Three Stooges!
D'ng lai, that mean stop
- D'ng lai
Dee, that mean go
- Dee
You try
- Dee!
Good! You know two of three most important words for elephant
What's the third?
It means "get off me"
Can you get more of that water buffalo tranquillizer?
- Really enjoyed that, didn't you, Doyle?
Linh was right, you are weird.
Yeah, yeah. As much as you want
- We get off past Hau Bon tonight
Tomorrow we take one of these trails which, God willing, isn't in enemy hands, over one of these ridges
down into Pleiku
Friday morning we fly Bo Tat to the airstrip near the village. By noon, we walk her in
Piece of cake
Get down!
Stay down! Everyone, stay down!
Farley, hold your fire! They're out of range
They're gonna have us in five rounds! I know this. I'm artillery
Give them a moving target, zigzag
Keep moving!
Linh, what's wrong with Bo Tat?
- She's hurt here
Oh, no, she's seasick!
Look out, she's gonna blow!
- Yech!
A year from now, my kid's gonna ask me, "Daddy, what's the worst thing you saw in the war?" After this, there's no contest!
Can't you get this tub to go any faster?
You are going to sink my boat!
- Maybe not
Gilman, who would actually know they could get me your head in a bag? It was a joke, pal. Yeah, I was kidding you
I love you, man, like a brother
What are you, nuts? Where am I gonna find a Triumph Spitfire in the middle of Vietnam? You rotten little rat!
Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I apologize, okay. All right. You got it.
Just patch me through to a firebase now. Direct to artillery, I don't have time for channels or anything. Okay.
He's puttin' me through. Son of a...
He's right here. Hang on.
Uh, yeah. We're on the Song Ba River being pursued by N.V.A. In a boat. What?
Yeah, this is Hotel Alpha. Who's this? Barney? Hey, Barney, what's up? What's you doin' in Hau Bon?
Sorry. We need your help pronto
Request fire mission and expedite, call for battery fire at grid coordinates
Bravo Romeo 35411059er, fire one marking round
Barney, that was perfect, man!
- It wasn't! It almost hit us! Give him the coordinates!
Captain, we're moving. Those coordinates are gonna be perfect right about... fire for effect!
Now
Off the boat!
Yeah! Hey, hey. I'm gonna start calling you the Brown Bomber
Want to try it on?
I found the place where we can spend the night
Hey, sir, what is this place?
- An ancient temple
Buddhist?
- Actually, it's Tam Giao
A little Buddhism, a little Confucianism and a little Tao
What's with all the elephants?
The elephant is the god in Tam Giao
Not a god, Father of god
In beginning, elephant were white.
And they fly in the air with the clouds and the rain
One day, elephant fly down and go into side of Queen Maya
while she sleep and dream
She have a baby, Prince Siddhartha, the Gautama Buddha
Elephant father of god
Linh, that story you told was great.
I loved the bit about the flying elephants
Just one thing. It might be better if you started "In the beginning, all elephants were black."
This is our only option. We have to take this trail over this pass into Pleiku
Is the pass secure?
- I don't know
We could find out at this village, unless you think five Americans and an elephant waltzing into town might arouse suspicion
Huh. Not at all. We could send in Linh. No one would suspect him
No, we can't do that.
- Why not?
- You know why, we can't take that chance
I got him
It doesn't matter to me who killed your family, i imagine it doesn't matter to you, either
V.C. kill mother and sister, but Linh not know who kill father
Linh and father going home, there was big light
Everything happen fast. People yell
Shoot gun. Father hold Linh tight
Bo Tat run. They shoot Bo Tat
Father and Linh land apart
Father get up, run to Linh. Then fall down
He shot. Linh not move
Bo Tat save Linh
Men shoot Bo Tat more times
Bo Tat no stop for many miles
Bo Tat save me
Were you hurt?
You said you couldn't move
- No! I said I not move because I too scared!
Father die because I not help him! I scared!
- No, no, Linh, that's not why!
- Yes! I scared!
Of course you were scared.
I'd be scared. Anyone'd be scared
Linh, it wasn't your fault
- Who fault?
People
People far away, Linh
People who've never been here
- Linh no understand!
How did you get to Ban Don?
- American take Linh
Said take Linh back to mountains someday.
Never did. Lie to Linh
I'm going to take you back to the mountains, Linh
I promise you
Linh father was a good father. Number one father!
I'm sure he was
I'm sure he was
Is it safe path to Pleiku?
Yes, the path is safe. There is no Vietcong
Man, I just wanted to go take a whiz
I didn't want to desecrate the temple
- Forget about it, it's done
Probably went to get some food or somethin. Whatever the reason, they're gonna find out we're here pretty damn soon, he's just a kid.
- I know
I have to go get him
- I'll get the elephant to Pleiku. We'll meet you there
Excuse me, guys. Uno momento. But how are we gonna move old Bo here?
- Linh taught Farley the basic commands
No, he didn't
Okay, sir, he did, but...
Take someone with you
- I screwed up. I'll go
Th-That's funny. My...
My legs don't work
Ah, hell, I'll go
Kid's got my watch
Where are your American friends?
- I don't know!
Okay, do the foot. Get her to do the foot.
Get up. Let's go. Come on!
I don't know that one. Can you give me a hand?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here, take the gun.
Put your foot on my leg. Okay.
One... You wanna jump in?
On three, H.A. One, two, three.
Push
Yeah. Okay, I'm up.
- Good job. Okay
I don't know about this, sir
I guess that means she's ready.
- I think she's mad
This way, it'll take us around the village
Farley, this way!
- He didn't teach me how to turn
Then stop her!
- Okay, okay. Uh, dee!
I mean, I mean, dee d'ng
- Farley!
Tell my mom I love her!
Stop, darn it, you crazy animal!
Farley, you are a driver
You all right, huh?
- Yeah
They worked him over pretty good
- He hit me this many
So, when I tell him you in Hau Bon, he believe
You told him we were in Hau Bon?
Kid, why did you come here?
- You wanted to find out if trail okay
But Linh is the only one who can ask.
Before Linh caught, Linh find out trail okay
You trust Linh now?
I trust Linh now
You guys do this hug a lot
Cancelled?
What do you mean the mission is cancelled?
- Turns out Doyle was right, we don't need the village.
While you two were off on safari, the Ho Chi Minh Trail moved again, and intelligence estimates are it's gonna stay where it is 
The village is of no further strategic interest
- No further strategic interest?
Major Pederson, sir, we're so close
Let us finish what we started
We just have to fly the elephant...
- To where, Cahill?
To that old C.I.A. Airstrip near the village?
The N.V.A. Blew the heck out of it three days ago
You have no place to land your elephant.
The airstrip's gone, end of mission.
What about Linh and Bo Tat?
- Who?
The boy and the elephant, sir
- We'll just ship them back to where you picked them up
Where're you goin'?
- I can't tell ya
- Why not?
'Cause if I tell ya, you'll try to stop me.
If you don't try to stop me, you'll be court-martialled
The mission's been cancelled. I have a feeling the Captain's gonna ignore that
What are you gonna do? Steal a truck from the motor pool?
- If that's what it takes
- Oh, hell!
If we're gonna steal a truck, we might as well steal a plane
What? You worried because there's no airstrip? We don't need one
Remember when we first went to Pederson and I said let's get them a tractor?
What if we had? How would we have gotten a tractor in?
Tractors don't need airstrips.
Poole?
Okay. We're gonna need parachutes...
- We?
Yeah, Captain
We
H.A., Farley, are you in?
You take one step toward Dak Nhe with that elephant, you can kiss your sweet military career goodbye
Yeah, well, maybe we all need to do one good thing before we go
Which way did they go?
- Over the mountains to Pleiku
This is insane.
Bo Tat's not a tractor
Poole, did we just hear a heartfelt human emotion come out of you?
- Yeah, it was!
I feel bad for her
Don't tell anybody I said that.
Okay, you guys?
It's top secret, okay? So top secret we're not even gettin' clearance from the tower.
Radio silence and nobody knows anything. 
As a matter of fact, this never happened.
Sir, they stole a 123 out of Pleiku
- When?
- About five minutes ago, sir
- Dammit!
Get on the radio, tell 'em to get back. That whole area's jammed with N.V.A. Antiaircraft
- Yes, sir!
An enemy unit comes to Pleiku, shoot on sight!
Don't be nervous, Poole
- I just never jumped before
Well, neither has she. Does she look nervous?
All right, listen up!
Bo Tat and the crate are on a static line
The drogue will trigger the parachute to open the second she's out of the plane
Now, you three are gonna jump before Bo Tat
Free fall for a count of ten, and then pull.
Okay? Got it?
We want to make sure you don't get tangled in Bo Tat's lines going down. And we want you to be clear of our large friend before she lands
Captain Cahill and I are gonna stay on board until Bo Tat gets off. Once she's off, we're gonna go
Any Questions?
- Linh get one?
No, Linh, you have to stay on the plane
M-M-Maybe Linh could take mine, and I could, uh, stay on the plane
But Linh go with Bo Tat!
- I'm sorry, Linh. It's too dangerous. You can't
You promised you'd take Linh and Bo Tat home to mountain!
- You will go home
You'll see Bo Tat in a day or two
But first you have to go back to the base with the pilot
- You lie! You lie!
Hey, you're right
I did say I'd get you home, and I will.
I'll stay with you on the plane
I'll get you to the mountains,
I'll get you back to Bo Tat
You just can't go with her now
Here comes another one!
Take us down below the radar
- This isn't a fighter, this is a cargo plane
- Do it!
You can't drop from this altitude
- We'll go back up when we get closer to the village
Now! Do it now! Now!
Looks like we're all gonna be jumping
- Get us in over the village
- One pass, then we bail
We're going now!
- Get ready!
Change of plans, Linh
- We're comin' in on the village
- I'll be right down
Stand by!
Ready?
- Yeah
Go! Go!
I can't go, guys.
I left something back inside
I'm an office guy, man
I work in an office behind a desk!
Isn't this great, chief?
It's moving!
Is this fun, Poole?
Hold on tight
Hold on!
Get it!
- Go!
Hold on, Bo Tat, I... I'll get you
I have the sight, ready to fire!
Target in sight, waiting for command!
Comrade Quang?
Let him go
I didn't join army to shoot elephants,
especially flying elephants
Please, God, get me through this, I'll never lie again. Please?
Farley, you're dead, I swear to God I'm gonna kill ya
Linh like hug. Hug good
Be careful, be careful
Keep everybody back
Is she okay?
- Everything number one A-okay!
Hey, where's H.A.?
- Get me a ladder!
Back her up, Linh
- Come on, sweetheart. We gotta get you ready for the ceremony. Good girl
Drop your weapons!
You bring elephant very far. 
Very admirable. I congratulate you.
Too bad you go to all this trouble for nothing!
Bird, if I were you, I'd get the hell outta here
Elephant going to die
Drop your guns!
Drop, drop 'em!
Roger, Whisky Tango. Over
Crossbow 6 out
What'd he say?
Well, the good news is that capturing Nguyen and his men has made you a hero
And the bad?
Recon photos have indicated the trail was moved back this way again. Pederson wants you to stay
That is bad news
I have to go now, Linh
- You not like it here
I love it here. I love this place more than anyplace I've ever been
You not like Linh
You know that's not true
- Then why you go?
Just like you had to go where you belong
I have to go where I belong
You forget Linh?
When I forget how to breathe
Take her easy, Linh
Safe trip home, old man
- Good luck
- Thank you
I hope to be in Special Forces too one day, sir
- Thanks. Good job, soldier
- Thanks
Captain. Ever need anything...
- Okay
When you're standing on a roof with your brother in Fort Lauderdale
I think you're gonna like the view
You watch Bo Tat?
Yeah. I'll watch Bo Tat. Have fun
