Moanin' Low, my sweet man I love him so
though he's mean as can be
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me...
a woman like me... a woman
like me... a woman like me...
a woman like me... a woman
like me... a woman like me...
Rick wants to hire me! He's at a new studio.
Where is it?
India!
When?
I don't rememberwhat year...
there's no year...
How do you know there's a yearforthat?
I think they say the 14th Century.
The 14th Century was recently.
No, but... I don't know...
That's when... the Moghuls were ruling, Babarwas in India
CK, the 11th then.
It's defnitely B.C.
It's B.C. Forsure
and I think it's Ayodhya, where Ram was born
I know thatbecause they razed that temple.
They say that Ram was born there. Which I don'tbelieve -
- but that's what they say.
And Ayodhya is in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
It's right there! Therefore the story has to be true.
It's probably based on as real as event as what the Bible is
based on.
You want to know the whole story?
Ch, because Ram's fatherhad 4 wives.
3 wives.
3 wives?
4sons.
4 sons, 3 wives. CK.
I know the names of the sons by the way.
Kausalya...
No, that's the wife, that's what I meant.
Kausalya, Sumitra and Kaikeyi.
And Kausalya's son was Ram
Sumitra's son was Laxman
Kaikeyi's son was Bharat
I'm so impressed!
Yes, and
Shatrughan I think was Laxman's brotherwhich means he had
to be, uh
Sumitra's son.
Sita was Ram's wife
Right, and Sita I know also, Sita's fatherwas Janaka.
Sita has many names, Sita only being one of them.
Yeah.
Janaki! Janaki!
Janaki also.
And Vahish, Vahish, uh...
I saw a play -
Vaidehi. - Huh?
Vaidehi, I saw a play called Vaidehi, right, which I learned is
anothername for Sita.
Ram was about to be crowned by Dasharatha as the king
and Kaikeyi went to him and
Because she had done something really good
I think she had taken care ofhim when he was sick.
Yes.
And so at thatpointhe had said to her,
"You have one Boon. Anything you ask of me I will do. "
And so she went and asked him to send Ram away for 14 years
thinking that was a long enough time, thatif you go away for 14
years,
you'repretty muchoutofsight, outofmind.
Rama my son, today I wish to crown you King of Ayodhya
but my evil scheming wife Kaikeyi-
Grrr...
- justreminded me of an ancient vow I made.
To honor this vow, instead of crowning you king, I must
banish you to the forest for 14 years!
Goodbye, dearboy. You are noble and good.
The embodiment ofrighteousness.
Abrave warrior prince.
Joy of Heaven and Earth.
The Ideal Man.
May the Gods be with you.
Don't let the doorhit yourass on the way out.
That's what she asked for and Dasharatha was heartbroken
but given that all Indian men are true to theirword...
He had to... do that.
And then he died.
Didn't he die?
- No, I...
He died eventually...
No, but all those Ram Leelas I'd seen when I was a kid...
He died right away?
There's this big scene, very dramatic
he's having a heart attack when his son is going away.
I do think he was unwell...
Yeah that's true.
And he also has a huge issue, right
He's like ravaged by guilt, because Ram is such a good son.
And Ram, when he was told to go away,
actually said he would. He didn't create any problems, he didn't
say,
"why?"
He just said,
"If thatis yourwish Father, I shall go. "
And then he went.
And Sitasaid,"Ifyougo, Igo. "
No, Sita.
The forestis besetby Rakshasa demons.
They harrass our Wise Men and desecrate theirritual fres.
I must f ght them... alone.
But Rama, a woman's place is next to her Husband!
I will accept any hardship.
Icannotlive withoutyou.
Icannotlivewithoutyou...
Icannotlivewithoutyou...
I hate to think what mighthave been if we had never met
Why should I suppose that this could be?
The weary days, the lonely nights, are easy to forget
since I am here, and you are here with me.
Here we are, you and I
let the World hurry by
Even while I waited, somehow, dear, I knew
You'dfindme, I'dfindyou
Here we are, alone together
what matterwhether, we wander far?
And though we haven't got a bankful,
we can still be thankful
thathere, thathere we are!
Here we are, you and I
Let the World just hurry by
Even while I waited, somehow, dear, I knew
you'dfind me, andl'dfindyou
Here we are, alone together
what matterwhetherwe wandered far?
And though we haven't got a bankful,
we can still be thankful
thathere we are!
That's all!
I'll miss you.
It's only a 6-month contract. I'll be back before you know it!
Ravana was the evil king of Lanka
and he just stole Sita.
He was an incredibly learned man.
Actually the only bad thing he seems to have done...
...is capture Sita.
Which is kind ofinteresting because everything else abouthim
seems to be, like
he was this really learned guy,
he knows all these weapons
he prays to the right Gods...
so all this stuff! He's like this Good King.
Except that, over time, we've been led to believe he's this
complete...
thathe's like Mogambo.
That's right, he lived on an island also!
He was a devoted Shiva-bhakta.
And he plays -
- all these instruments...
Veena with his intestines.
With his intestines?
Yeah, for Shiva.
There's this whole thing abouthow devoted a fan he was
and he's asking Lord Shiva forsome wish
and, you know, he is basically playing Veena with his intestines.
It's hard to fell someone like thatin battle, because
whatis pain to a man who plays Veena on his intestines?
Nothing much.
What I'm really impressed with is he was the king of Sri Lanka.
No, he was the king of Lanka.
It was Lanka. It's called Ceylon. It's the same country I think.
Well the pointis that's what we think.
They built the bridge.
The bridge still exists, so NASAimages says.
Really? NASA? It must be true then!
Maybe they saw them on the moon!
Isn't there a Suruphanaka story? Suruphanaka right?
Surphanaka.
I'm messing up her name. God, they're gonna be after me
Surphanaka is the one with the really ugly nose.
Surphanaka. But she was Ravana's sister.
Ravana! Rama has slaughtered your Rakshasas in the forest.
You must take revenge!
Don't do it, Master. Rama is powerful.
Sister, do notbother me with yourpetty concerns.
Dear Brother Ravana, have you seen Rama's wife Sita?
She is the mostbeautiful woman in the world.
Her skin is fairlike the lotus blossom.
Her eyes are like lotus pools.
Herhands are like, um, lotuses.
Herbreasts like big, round, frm, juicy...
Lotuses!
Mmmm, ahhhh...
Make Sita yourwife, Ravana. Steal her from Rama!
Don't do it, Master!
I'll hearno arguments from you, Mareecha. You musthelp me at
once.
Transform yourselfinto a beautful golden deerto distract Rama.
While Sita is unguarded, I'll grab her!
Sita WILLbe mine! Hahahahahaaa!
What a beautiful golden deer!
Ch Rama, won't you capture it for me?
I don't know, Sita. It could be a trick!
Ch Rama, pleeeaaase?
All right, Sita. You ask for so little and give me so much.
Butpromise you won'tleave the hut while I'm gone. The forestis
dangerous.
I promise! Ch Rama, I love you!
Iloveyou, Sita.
Love was blind to me, now it's kind to me,
Love has opened my eyes.
Since it came to me, life's a game to me
with the sweetest surprise.
I neverknew how good it was to be
a slave to one who means the world to me.
I loved that man from the start, and way down deep in his heart
I know he loves me, Heaven knows why
and when he tells me he can'tlive without me
what wouldn't I do forthat man?
He's not an angel orsaint, and what's the odds thathe ain't
with all his faults I know he'll getby
I'll be so true to him, he'll never doubt me
What wouldn't I do forthat man?
Ch, when he lets me lean my weary head on his shoulder
I close my eyes right there and wish I never grow older
I'll neverleave him alone, I'll make his troubles my own
I love that man as nobody can
I'm justno good when his arms are about me
What wouldn't I do forthat man?
Ch, what wouldn't I do forthat man?
I'll neverleave him alone, I'll make his troubles my own
I love that man better than I do my self
I'm justno good when his arms are about me
What wouldn't I do forthat man?
Ch there's not a thing I wouldn't do for my man.
That's all!
But you know what Sita does then? How she is able to tell these
people where she -
She drops her jewelry
along the way.
And that's how they were able to fnd her. It went all the way to
Lanka.
How many times did she drop the jewelry?
She was wearing a whole lot of jewelry in the forest.
I mean, no, remember, she's not wearing any jewelry 'cause she
left everything
before she leftAyodhya and she came -
Ch, she left everything?
Right, she just came in her Sanyasi clothes.
Don't challenge these stories.
She's gone.
I told hernot to leave the hut!
Ch how will I everfnd her?
Sita!
Sitaaaaaa!
Sita! Ch Sita, whathas become of you?
Actually, the origins of Hanuman...
All these demons were attacking the Earth
and supposedly all the Gods and everyone went to Vishnu and
said
"Please help us, please help us!"
So Vishnu said he would be born on Earth as Ram.
Buthe was born as Krishna also, this is very confusing.
That's dasavatar, 10 incarnations.
So... the 10th one is the last one, not come yet supposedly.
So anyway, he said what we'll do is,
Shiva will be born as someone who helps him.
So Shiva is actually... Hanuman is an incarnation of Shiva.
Ch I didn'tknow that.
- I didn't know that either.
Yup. And, so Hanuman is actually born with the sole purpose
of eventually meeting up with Ram and helping him.
Like that was the reason forhis birth.
I will help you.
Who are you?
I am Hanuman, the Monkey Warrior! Son of the Wind!
I am Rama, Prince of Ayodhya. Letus be allies.
I shall be yourservant forever.
Now go, fnd Sita!
Hello?
It's me.
Dave! Where are you?
Trivandrum, silly. Athome.
You have a home phone?
Ofcourse.
You've been gone a month and you neveremailed me your
phone number.
I didn't?
Well, I have some good news.
They've extended my contract anotheryear!
What? Anotheryear? You said you'd be back in 6 months!
But I like ithere.
What about me? What about Lexi?
What about ourapartment?
Uhhhh...
What about US?
Don't cry, Nina.
I love you.
You could come here...
She sits under a tree.
And she weeps.
And thinks of Ram. And prays to Ram.
And all these evil people, you know all these movies and all
these shows we've seen
all these evil people come and sort of scare her, and she prays
to Ram.
But the thing is that the women,
whatever, the women-demons, who are supposed to protect her,
are amazed
by herdevotion to Ram.
And so Ravana also comes and says,
"what can Ram do foryou, blah blah blah, that I can't?"
But she's still, "Ram will come here and you still have one last
chance
"because once he comes here, you know,
"yourass is grass. "
I love you Sita. You mustbe my wife.
Never. I love only Rama.
I am the chaste and virtuous wife of another man.
I belong to Rama as the rays belong to the Sun.
Give me back to Rama, or you shall soon hear his mighty bow
thatresounds like Indra's thunderbolt!
The more a man speaks sweetly to a woman, the more she
insults him!
You have two months to decide, lovely lady.
Then you shall share my bed!
If you do not marry me, my Rakshasas will slaughteryou for my
breakfast.
Yourugly yellow eyes should fall out of yourhead as you stare
at me so lustfully, Ravana.
The only reason I do notreduce you to ashes with my own
blazing power
is because Rama has not ordered me to do so.
Grrrrowl!
When nightis creepin',
and I should be sleepin' in bed
if you were peepin', you'd fnd that I'm weepin' instead
My lovin' Daddy lefthis baby again,
said he'd come back buthe forgot to say when
Night afternight I'm cryin'
Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy won't you please come home, I'm so lonesome
No one can fll that vacant chair
Home isn'thome when you're not there
No need to knock, the door is open foryou
Please, Daddy
Even the clock keeps tickin'
Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy do you have to roam so very long?
There's lots of othernew sheiks who would like to be sheikin'
haven't slipped yetbut I'm liable to weaken
Daddy, Daddy won't you please come home?
Please, Daddy
Even the clock keeps tickin'
Daddy won't you please come home?
Daddy do you have to roam so very long?
There's lots of othernew sheiks who would like to be sheikin'
haven't slipped yetbut I'm liable to weaken
Daddy, Daddy won't you please come home?
That's all!
She also made her own share of mistakes, in fact she should've
just gone back with Hanuman.
The whole idea of"my man has to come to save me,"
it's like oh, you're one little tight thing.
Jump on the monkey's back, go back, chill out, hundreds will be
fne. CK?
Butis itpossible she didn't trust the monkey altogether?
Itis possible.
No. I think she absolutely trusted the monkey
but she wanted her man to come.
CK that's another thing, it's like, "You gotta prove it to me baby!"
Butnot only that, she also wanted -
Sorry, go ahead -
but she also wanted the evil king to be defeated, like my
husband should come and -
CK, why don't you go back, so the evil king doesn'thave a
hostage, and then do it?
Butit's almostlike she was trying to glorify Ram through this
whole process.
You know, like, "my man will come and he is capable of this
"and he's virtuous, and he will kill Ravan, and... "
She's a bloodthirsty woman.
But my question is, were they monkeys? Because they actually -
They could fy-
not monkeys, um, from what I understand they're different from
monkeys, they're...
Like from what I understand monkeys are one kind of... one
species
and then, the Vanars were anotherspecies. They were half
man, half monkey.
CK. Because they had tails though.
Correct. But they're not...
Like, yeah. I defnitely think the tail and the...
They were half... they were defnitely half monkey, ifnot more
Yeah but that's what the army was. Because otherwise they
were these two brothers, they didn'thave any army
These two brothers and then all of Sugriv's big army, all the...
The Vanar Sena.
- The Vanar Sena, right.
Hanuman! Assemble the Monkey Warriors.
We shall cross the sea to Lanka and rescue Sita.
Yes, my Lord. We march at once!
Who's thatknockin'? Don't stand outside there, come on in here!
I justhad a sort of feeling this morning
something good was gonna happen today
Now there comes a sound without any warning
I justknow it's good luck coming my way!
Goodness gracious, can itbe? Someone's coming back to me
Who's thatknocking at my door?
I've been waiting oh so long, I'll just die if I'm wrong
Who's thatknocking at my door?
I know it can'tbe the mailman, the coal man, the ice man,
they've been here today
can'tbe the grocer, the butcher, the baker, they don'tknock that
way
If my sweetie's there outside, my arms and my heart are open
wide
Who's thatknocking at my door?
Me oh my, my oh me, guess I'm having company
Who's thatknocking at my door?
See the time? Eight C'Clock. Sounds like a familiarknock
Who's thatknocking at my door?
I know it can'tbe the milk man, the gas man, the bread man,
who always collects
I hope thatitisn't thatbutterand egg man, who writes out those
checks?
Lfit's my sweetused-to-be, gonna lock him in, lose the key
Who's thatknocking at my door?
Can'tbe the plumber, the peddlerthe parlor, cause I've paid
those bills
I hope thatit isn't the doctor, the dentist, they can't cure my ills
Ifit's someone that I've known, gonna make him feel athome
Who's thatknocking at my door?
That's all!
Dave!
Mmm, Dave!
We're in India. Uh, no... kissing in public.
Let me take yourbag.
Well, here you are.
Goodnlght.
Ch gosh. Later I know whathe did. What did he do when he
saw herin Lanka?
Hug herand kiss her...
No I don't think so...
No I don't think so. He was very cold.
Why was he cold to Sita?
Actually I don'tremember. To be honest I'm very shaky on this
point...
You can make itup...
You have lived in another man's house so you are unft to be my
wife.
What?
I have done my duty in rescuing you from the enemy and
avenging the insult to myself.
I have terrible suspicions about yourcharacterand conduct.
Ravana was aware of your beauty.
He cannothave kept you in his house for so long without
touching you.
The very sight of you is painful.
You are free to go whereveryou want.
I have no more use foryou, Sita.
If I had known this, I would have killed myselfbefore and spared
you this war.
Build me a funeral pyre. I cannotbearto live.
Despite my virtues, my husband has rejected me.
He's obviously doubting her, um, pureness.
I fnd the whole pureness thing really... odd.
I fnd itreally weird thatno one is commending Ravana for not
forcibly...
I mean I know we shouldn't commend somebody forthat, but...
Whatifhe raped her?
Yeah butin terms of villians, right?
Yeah...
I mean, we expect villains to be villain-ous.
This is a guy that's like, "if you don't come to me willingly, I will
not touch you. "
Right...
"I will not force you in my house. "
"I will not force myself on you... "
Well he neverhad sex with her, did he?
No. As Sita proved overand overagain.
By trial of fre.
You're mean to me
Why must you be mean to me?
Please honey, it seems to me
you love to see me crying. I don'tknow why
I stay home each night when you say you'll phone
you don't, and I'm left alone
singin' the blues and sighin'.
You treat me coldly each day in the year
You always scold me
whenever somebody is near, dear
It mustbe great fun to be mean to me, you shouldn't
Ch can't you see what you mean to me?
Sweetheart I love you, think the world of you, but I'm afraid you
don't care for me
You nevershow it, don'tlet me know it, everyone says I'm a fool
to be
pining the whole day through. Why do you actlike you do?
You're mean to me, why must you be mean to me
Aw gee, honey, it seems to me, you love to see me cryin'
Please tell me why
I stay athome each night when you say you'll phone
You don't, and I'm left alone just singin' the blues and sighin'
You treat me coldly each day in the year
You always scold me wheneversomebody is near, dear
It mustbe great fun foryou, can't you see what you're doing to
me
Please tell me why you're so mean to me!
That's all!
And he's still not convinced, seemed like, aftershe went through
the trial by fre
I mean it's almostlike-
No but I thoughthe was convinced. He then, it was peer
pressure, laterwith the washerman-
yeah, because the washerman-
He was convinced, it wasn't like he doubted her
He kind oflike was "CK, you are pure. "
And I think he did hug herand then f owers fell from the heavens
orsomething
Whoops. I guess you were pure after all.
Will you forgive me, Sita?
Cf course, Rama. I live only foryou.
Hey, they want me to attend this meeting so much they're gonna
fy me all the way to New York.
5 days, all expenses paid!
That's great. It'll be fun foryou.
See you next week.
No no no, it's a fying chariot, the Gods sent the chariot. I don't
know, it's something about-
- a Japanese train! -
I'm fnding it, I found it to be totally cool. It was like the world's
frst airplane or something.
It was like the frst-like they actually f ew back.
I think it was on a bird.
Was it on a bird?
I think it was actually a fying thing of some kind.
They rode a carpet like Aladdin.
No, it was like an elaborate structure.
Pushpakha!
That's what they came back on. The fying chariot.
That was one of the Air India jumbo jets also.
And there's a movie, a silent movie
But that's what I mean, it was this thing.
It wasn't a bird - - Pushpakha
Vemanum. - Yeah. - right.
I guess whatis happening was the 14 years were fnishing and
they had to fnd a quick way to get back.
What does it matterifrain comes your way
and raindrops patter along?
The rain descending should not make you blue
The happy ending is waiting foryou
Take yourshare of trouble, face it and don't complain
If you want the rainbow, you musthave the rain.
Happiness comes double aftera little pain
If you want the rainbow, you musthave the rain.
Whatif yourlove affair should break up, as they sometimes will
When you kiss and make up, boy what a thrill!
Sadness ends in gladness, showers are not in vain
If you want the rainbow, you musthave the rain.
Look forbrighterweather, oh watch forthe Sun again
If you want the rainbow then you musthave the rain.
Pull yourself together, whistle a happy strain
If you want the rainbow then you musthave the rain.
So if yourlucky stardeserts you, and if shadows fall
Even though it hurts you, laugh through it all
Be a cheerful loser, you have the World to gain
If you want the rainbow, why, you just must have the rain.
That's all!
Rama, I'm pregnant!
That's wonderful, darling.
Maybe they joined the Mile High Club. Cn the Pushpakh Veman.
We don'tknow exactly when she gotpregnant-
Very soon thereafter, which is why itis conceivable that she
wasn'tpregnantbecause of Ram.
But I think it was Ram.
Blasphemy. Itis Ram.
I'm notlike Rama, who would take a woman who's sleptin
another man's house!
No but thathappens with the dhobi.
- There's a dhobi story.
You know the dhobi, the launderer-
yeah, the dhobi's says that-
The dhobi's wife, she's with somebody else and when she
comes back
he goes, "What do you think I'm like Ram, to take somebody
back now aftershe's -
You know what a dhobi is right? He's a washerman -
- and when news of thathits Ram -
Ram says, "I cannotrule, I cannotrule if my subjects don't
respect me and so you'll have to -
Actually that's when he banishes her, sorry.
Right.
Uh, say, Sita, would you like to take a trip?
But we just gothere.
Yeah great. Getpacking.
Brother Laxman, my wife's dubious reputation casts doubtupon
my own.
You must drive Sita to the forest and abandon herthere.
I cannothave herin my kingdom.
I think basically as a king, he had to sort of do...
If the common man was doing that to theirwives then why
should the king treathis wife any differently kind of a thing.
Like I felt thathe let hergo notbecause she was impure,
butbecause he said that to be a king, he needs the respect of
his subjects, and he can'tbe considered -
I don't think he lether go because -
I felt thathe alwsys had this element of doubt
I mean it coupled with, of course, his virtue that everybody
spoke of
and you know that he kepthis word to his Dad, and then his
subjects, his Kingdom,
but I feltlike he always had this doubt, that she mightnotbe
pure.
But I feltlike he always had this doubt, that she mightnotbe
pure.
I feel too bad, I'm feelin' mighty sick and sore
So bad I feel, I said I'm feelin' sick and sore and
so afraid my man don'tlove me no more.
Day in, day out, I'm worryin' about those blues
Day out, day in, I'm worryin' aboutbad news
I'm so afraid, my man I'm gonna lose.
Moanin' low, my sweet man I love him so, though he's mean as
can be
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me
Gonna die if sweet man should pass me by, if I die where'll he
be?
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me.
Don'tknow any reason why he treats me so poorly, what've I
gone and done?
Makes my troubles double with his worries when surely, I ain't
deservin' ofnone
Moanin' low, my sweet man is gonna go, when he goes oh
Lordy
He's the kind of man needs a kind of woman like me.
Don'tknow any reason why he treats me so poorly, what've I
gone and done?
Makes my troubles double with his worries when surely I ain't
deservin' ofnone
Moanin' low, my sweet man is gonna go, when he goes, Lordy!
He's a man that needs a woman justlike me.
I musthave committed a terrible sin in a previous life to deserve
such suffering.
Were I not carrying Rama's sons, I would throw myselfinto the
river.
She's always shown to be pregnant-
- afterwards
No, when she's banished and she's gone into the forest again.
And there she meets that teacher.
- Valmiki. - Valmiki. Sorry.
So that's how Valmiki wrote the Ramayana, because Sita told
the story to him.
I'm just a woman, a lonely woman, waitin' on a weary shore
I'm just a woman, that's only human, one you should feel sorry
for.
Gotup this morning, along about dawn
Without a warning, I found he was gone.
Why should he do it? How could he do it? He neverdone it
before.
Am I blue, Am I blue
Ain't these tears in these eyes tellin' you
Am I blue, You'd be too
If each plan with your man done fell through.
Was a time, I was his only one
Butnow I'm the sad and lonely one, Lordy.
Was I gay, til today
Now he's gone, and we're through, am I blue!
As blue as the sky blue
You're wondering what do these tears in these eyes tellin' you?
No one feels like I do
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo,
Boo hoo, Boo hoo, Boo, hoo...
Each plan with my man done fell through.
Was a time, I was his only, only, only one
Butnow I'm the sad and lonely one, Lordy!
Was I gay -oh Lord was I gay!
Til today - that man went away!
Now he's gone, and we're through, am I blue!
Anyway, so Luv and Kush, or Luva and Kusha, were born to Sita
in the forest
and were taughtby Valmiki, who taught them all these songs
praising Ram.
Luv, Kush, letus sing the praises of Rama.
Rama's great, Rama's good, Rama does what Rama should
Rama's just, Rama's right, Rama is ourguiding light
Perfect man, perfect son, Rama's loved by everyone
Always right, neverwrong, we praise Rama in this song
Rama's great, Rama's good,
Rama does what Rama should
Rama's just, Rama's right, Rama is ourguiding light
Perfect man, perfect son, Rama's loved by everyone
Always right, neverwrong, we praise Rama in this song
Hello?
Please take me back! Please please please!
I'll do anything! PLEASE!
If you had a girlfriend who was being treated really badly, by like
herex orhercurrentboyfriend
and she kept saying, "no, every day I'm gonna make sure I cook
for him and send him a hotlunch atnoon"
Aren't you going to be like, "listen, he doesn'tlike you or talk to
you.
"You've got to move on. Something's wrong. " CK?
Sita's doing this pooja every day... I mean, I feel, I feel...
Like this whole "good" and "bad" thing? That we always want
people to be either all good or all bad?
I think Sita also has herown issues. Like she didn't go back with
Hanuman
she would have saved hundreds and thousands ofpeople from
being killed
Monkeys especially.
Yeah, what about animal rights?
And, and then she prayed forthis guy every day,
come on!
But also at thatpoint of time it was just that Unconditional Love
You know, for her, she was like, ok,
"this man, he loves me. "
- This is the part of the female perspective I disagree with.
Because it's like then you can say, "oh yeah, 'cause she loves
him so she did this"
you know it's like, yeah but she shouldn'tlove someone who
doesn't treat herright.
- Who treats you so badly.
CK? That's her mistake.
That's HENCE unconditional love.
You went away, I let you
We broke the ties thatbind
I wanted to forget you, and leave the pastbehind.
Still the magic of the night I met you seems to stay foreverin my
mind...
The sky was blue, and high above
the moon was new, and so was love
This eagerheart of mine was singing,
"Lover where can you be?"
You came atlast, love had its day
That day is past, you've gone away
This aching heart of mine is singing, "Lovercome back to me,"
when
I rememberevery little thing you used to do
I'm so lonely
Every road I walk along, I walked along with you
No wonder I am lonely
The sky is blue, the nightis cold
the moon is new, butlove is old
and while I'm waiting here, this heart of mine is singing,
"Lovercome back to me. "
Sky is blue, night is cold, moon is new, butlove is old
and while I'm waiting here this heart of mine is singing
Lovercome back to me!
That's all!
And when Ram was in the foresthe heard these two boys
singing,
he didn'tknow who they were buthe came up and he was just
like,
"who are they, who are you?"
And that's when he fnds out that
Sita's there and those are his children.
My sons!
Father?
Return to Ayodhya Palace to rule with me foreternity!
But then, he wants to take Luv and Kush back,
buthe's still hesitant about taking herback.
Sita! Well, yes, ofcourse, Sita...
All Sita has to do is prove her purity. Again.
Anothertrial by fre, perhaps?
Crwe could try trial by water. You know, see if she sinks or
f oats.
If she sinks, she's pure. If she f oats -
No, wait, if she f oats she's pure, if she sinks...
And he asks herto prove herpurity one more time - I think,
actually I don'tknow ifhe asks herorwhatever-but she says,
I shall prove my purity to you.
If I have always been true to Rama,
if I have never thought of another man,
if I am completely pure in body and soul, then,
may Mother Earth take me back into herwomb!
I'm fying high, but I've got a feeling I'm falling
falling fornobody else but you
You caught my eye, and I've got a feeling I'm falling
show me the ring and I'll jump right through.
I used to travel single, we chanced to mingle, oh now,
now I'm a-tingle overyou
Hey Mr. Parson, stand by, for I've got a feeling I'm falling
Falling for nobody else but you.
Ch honey, oh honey, I neverfelt this way,
romantically I'm up in the air
It's funny, so funny, me taking it this way
Don'tknow if I should, but gee it feels good!
I'm fying high, up in the sky, but I've got a funny feeling that I'm
falling
Falling fornobody else but you
and you know it too
You caught my eye, baby that's why, I've got a funny feeling that
I'm falling
show me the ring and oh boy I'll take it from you
I used to travel single, oh we chanced to mingle, oh now,
now I'm a-tingle overyou
Ch Mr. Parson stand by, don'tleave me now
I've got a feeling I'm falling and how
Falling for nobody else but you!
That's all!
