Subtitled and Re-encoded by Jaguarxj220i
It is now time to take revenge.
Revenge on the Saiya-jins with all our rage built up over the years.
Don't let them escape from our traps.
Kill all of them, do not leave out one single Saiya-jin!
Finally, we can spill the blood of the Saiya-jins!
Surviving Saiya-jins on Earth, you will get what you deserve
for the countless cold-blooded deeds you have done in the past.
This will be the beginning of our revenge.
Our rage is so deep, it penetrates our bones.
The Plan to Destroy the Saiya-jins - Part 1
Goku-san! Breakfast is ready.
Gohan-chan, aren't you ready yet?
I have a feeling that today is going to be a good day again!
Dad! Dad!
Gohan-chan! Food is ready!
Dad the woods are dying, look at these.
Really? I wonder what's going on?
Chi Chi is happy that we are getting firewood...
Son Goku, we are in trouble!
Mr. Popo!
The new Kami-sama told me that a gas
called Destron Gas which does not belong here, is accumulating on Earth.
Destron Gas?
Yes. It destroys all living cellular tissues.
Dad, it might be the cause of the death of the woods.
The new Kami-sama told me even living beings like yourself,
would die within seventy days.
Seventy days?
Who is doing this?
Dad, it would be a good idea if we consult Bulma-san about these things.
You're right.
Goku-san! Gohan-chan! Aren't you going to eat?
Destron Gas, it's not in my data.
Bulma-san, please think of a way to detoxify the gas.
My father and I will look for the place where Destron gas is coming out.
Okay. I still don't want to die, either.
Right, daddy?
Yeah. Let's get on it right away.
Good luck, Bulma.
Hey, Popo. Where is that Destron gas coming from?
There are four places that Kami-sama told me to tell you, so you can check them out...
The first place is Grand Apron, located southwest of the capital in the far east.
The second is near the pyramid in the desert far west of the Northern Capital.
The third one is on the island with the Poco Poco volcano which has been
erupting for more than a hundred years in a desolate island in the Southern Sea.
And the fourth one is in the Land of Ice far up north.
Do you understand, Son Goku?
Good, from here we'll look for them in two parts.
Yes!
Son (Goku), have you forgotten someone?
Piccolo-san!
Piccolo! How did you find us?
Within me lies the previous Kami.
I can see everything.
Great. Then I don't need to explain the whole story.
Let's look for them in three parts!
But can you leave?
Who are you?
I am sorry but we don't have time to play with you!
Kamehame-Ha!
What?
Son! We've got no time to play!!
One more time!
Kamehame-Ha!
Dad...
Move it, Son!
"Ma Kan Kuu Sapou" - (Special Beam Cannon!)
"Ma Sen Kou" - (Demon Blast!)
Why? Why can't I use it?
This is because of the Destron Gas, you can't concentrate your ki.
Popo! while we are fighting, things are dying!
What? What are they?
Everyone! We don't have much time!
Let's do it!
Grand Apron
Something is coming out from here!
So, this is the machine that generates the gas!
I am going to break you!
I won't let you do that, Saiya-jin!
WHO IS IT?
The monster that will kill you!
Are you the one who set this up?
Kamehame-Ha!
Damn it...It's still not working!
I managed to beat it up.
What the hell was that?
Anyway, I have to destroy this one now.
The next target is the Land of Ice.
Desert in the far west
Just as my father said, my ki is coming back up!
Kamehame-Ha!
Yes! I did it!
I have to break the machine.
Poco Poco Volcano
Land mines are setup around here!
Adios, Piccolo!
You are going to die without even touching the generator!
Land mines aren't a problem for me.
Can you come up here?
Yes I can!
I never thought there would be anyone more stupid than Satan.
Anyway, I have to figure out where the others are.
Land of Ice
So this is what is called the permanent ice wall.
This is the one?
What is a permanent wall?
It's an ice wall that will never melt away.
I see, but we still have to break it down Gohan.
Yes!
Stop the useless effort!
This place is going to be your graveyard!
Another small fry.
Go! Let them freeze in the ice!
They'll never learn.
Son! Leave them to us! You go ahead and take care of the wall!
Dad!
Damn... There are too many, no matter how many we kill.
Kakarotto
Looks like you're having a hard time.
Vegeta!
Is everyone alright?
Trunks-san!
Did you hear about this from Bulma?
Yes, Goku-san!
Those things tried to attack me as a baby
and interfered with my mother's research.
Are Bulma and the others all right?
Yes. Father and I rescued them and sent them off.
Trunks!
How much longer are you going to chit-chat?
We have to take care of them first!
Okay!
Okay! Let's go!
Now we destroyed all of them!
Now everything is all right!
Maybe I didn't have to show up.
Goku San!
Kami-sama, we did it! We destroyed all of the generators!
I am afraid to tell you but the Destron Gas is increasing more than before.
What?
There was not only four of them.
Another generator has appeared in the Western Capital.
Oh no! Where in the Western Capital?
Tongari Tower.
Tongari Tower? Is the Destron Gas increasing as we speak?
Yes.
Tongari Tower in the Western Capital
That must be it.
Leave it to me!
That's the end of that.
W-WHAT!?
It's impossible. Damn it!
You guys can't break that machine. There's a barrier around it.
(Both) F-Freeza!
I'm certain that I killed him with my own hands.
You didn't die?!
Ignorant monkeys!
We will eradicate you all.
We?
You Saiya-jins are going to be killed by us!
What?
Freeza! Are you the one who is trying to spread the Destron Gas?
Today we will finally eradicate all of the Saiya-jins.
Cooler!
Taurus!
I will let you enjoy the terror of hell before I send you to the afterworld!
You are an embarrassment to the people of Namek!
Piccolo, even if you are a Nameksei-jin,
I will not hold back if you side with the Saiya-jins!
If you change your mind now, I will let you go.
We have to get rid of the Saiya-jins this time.
What?
My hatred towards the Saiya-jins is the greatest, can you understand my rage?
I, a Saiya-jin, was killed by a Saiya-jin.
What is this all about?
Those are all the guys dad defeated!
I don't understand.
Kid! Don't worry.
I will send you to hell without much agony.
Cooler! Take revenge on them as much as you please.
What are these guys?
A monkey who knows nothing but fighting...
Your execution will be left to me, Cooler-sama!
Vegeta! Your sins will never be forgiven!
What nonsense!
Slug! I'll take care of you!
You guys were killed miserably, you don't know how strong we are now!
You stupid fools, you won't be able to match up with us!
Oh Vegeta... You have become such a loudmouth.
You are the ones who are stupid fools.
Our aim is to kill all of the living Saiya-jins...
With the rage of those who were killed by you...
We will eradicate all the Saiya-jins from this world and send you to the afterworld!
You should appreciate that you won't have to suffer from the Destron Gas!
You are not Cooler?
What?
Give them a beating beyond their imagination!
It can't be. His power is even greater than before.
WHAT?
Is he a monster?
Is it useless to beat these people up?
That's right.
It doesn't matter how many times you beat them, they keep coming back.
W-What is this all about?
They're strong opponents.
What the hell is this all about?
Goku, they're Ghost Warriors.
Kaio-sama.
That is to say, they are not real.
I got it! Now I know your true identity!
W-What?
Everyone! These are Ghost Warriors!
Disappear!
Piccolo-san!
NO, DON'T!
Looks like you have improved your fighting skills,
But remember that the power of our rage is far greater!
I wonder what they were really looking for?
Piccolo-san, we have to take care of this Destron Gas generator quickly.
Goku-san, what shall we do about this?
Son! it is best if we ask Kaio-sama for advice.
Kaio-sama, please tell me!
Listen well, Son Goku.
To destroy the generator you first have to attack the true being.
True being?
Find the true person who made Freeza and the others attack you.
The true person?
His name is Dr. Raichi.
He was the smartest amongst the scientifically advanced Tsufuru-jins.
Tsufuru-jins...?
Tsufuru-jins...?
Tsufuru-jins? They were the ignorant race who were taken over by us Saiya-jins.
Kaio-sama, what is this all about?
A long time ago, Planet Vegeta was called Planet Plant
and it was inhabited by highly scientifically advanced Tsufuru-jins.
One day Saiya-jins arrived on the planet in a wrecked space ship
and asked for help from the Tsufuru-jins.
The Tsufuru-jins allowed the Saiya-jins to come down and settle on their planet
and the two races started to live together on the same planet.
The Saiya-jin warrior race increased its number over the years and one day,
a man was born with an extraordinary brain which was as good as a Tsufuru-jin.
The man, who was later called King Vegeta,
led the Saiya-jins to rebel against the Tsufuru-jins.
Ever since then,
the planet was renamed Planet Vegeta and the Saiya-jins had become the rulers.
Saiya-jins did such a terrible thing. I didn't know.
It was destiny that brought the Saiya-jin warrior race to the planet.
Dad, I can understand the rage of the Tsufuru-jins,
but that doesn't mean that they can kill everybody on Earth.
Kaio-sama, where is this Raichi guy now?
I heard that he was at the Dark Planet at the end of the universe.
Dark Planet?
Okay, Let's Go!
Saiya-jins, the Ghost Warriors are just a greeting! Come here!
Come here! I will have revenge to my heart's content!
No matter how many times you beat the Ghost Warriors, they will always come back.
For more great Anime's visit -
www.dattebayo.com and www.gotwoot.net
Subtitled, Timed and Encoded by Jaguarxj220i
