Die Nibelungen
Die Nibelungen
Dedicated to the German People
Siegfried
Canto I
How Siegfried slayed the dragon
Thus spoke Mime, the artful blacksmith: "Siegfried, son of King Siegmund, ride home to Xanten. Even I cannot teach you any more!"
Have you never before heard of the king's castle at Worms on the Rhine and the kings of Burgundy who reign there?
I shall go there to win Kriemhild!
Show me the way to Worms or you will lose your life!
Farewell, Siegfried, son of king Siegmund. You will never get to Worms!
Young Siegfried understood the bird's song:
If the dragon slayer would bathe in the dragon's blood,
his body would become invincible,
forever safe against sword and spear!
Here ends the First Canto
Canto II
Now Volker, the bard, sang of Siegfried in front of Kriemhild, and how Siegfried came to Worms.
The violin sounded and Volker sang:
The dragon slayer,
the son of Siegmund
entered the realm of
the Nibelungen.
He won the fight
against the dragon.
There is no one on
earth like him.
Thus spoke Alberich, the Nibelung: Spare my life and I will give you the wonder cap. Whoever wears it becomes unseen or may take whatever form he chooses!
Spare my life, O hero, and I will make you the richest king on earth!
The crown of the King of the Northland, the ruler of the Ice Giants is being wrought here by the Nibelungen.
No sword on earth compares with Balmung. The Nibelungen forged it in fire of blood.
All is lost. Cursed be the heritage of the heir!  Return with me to stone all ye whom from stone were wrought.
The violin sounded and Volker sang:
Siegfried became the dragon slayer
The lord of the Nibelungen Treasure.
Twelve kingdoms subdued the 
powerful. Twelve kings became
his vassals.
Kriemhild, the daughter of Ute: "Volker, take this cloak, as reward for your song! I embroidered it myself.
Siegfried, son of King Sigmund, is outside the castle door with twelve of his knights, and asks for an audience with King Gunther.
Thus spake Hagen Tronje:  King Gunther, let the dragon slayer go his ways, don't welcome him here!
No one shall say that at Worms one does not know the way kings greet each other! Siegfried, son of King Siegmund, has my welcome!
I dreamt last night an awful dream...
And now this dream comes to my mind!
I come, King Gunther, to ask for your sister Kriemhild's hand.
King Gunther, too, has marriage plans. He has set his heart on a bold and mighty maiden.
Her name is Brunhilde and she is Queen of Iceland. Ringed by fire, her invincible castle towers in the Northland.
Why must you speak of Brunhilde?  You know she has set dangerous conditions: Thrice must the suitor best her in feats of strength or die!
Siegfried, the unique hero, has come to Worms at an opportune moment.  He may help us win Brunhilde for you!
Twelve kings have I for vassals.  But vassal am I to no man, now or ever!
Prepare for the quest to get your bride, King Gunther. It is Siegfried the mighty hero who will win Brunhilde for you. 
Here ends the Second Canto.
Canto III
How Siegfried won Brunhilde for Gunther
The dragon ship is carrying foreign heroes to your shores!
The foreigners are nearing the flaming sea.
If he be strong enough and favored by the gods, the flames will consume themselves and die.
My maidens, help me put on my armor, this will be a a fight I've never fought before!
Welcome, hero, for the fight for life or death!
Neither life nor death do I desire from you, Brunhilde.  It is King Gunther who woos you!
Before it is evening, King Gunther, your smothered weapons will adorn my hall.
Give me leave, King Gunther, to make ready your ship for your royal bride. We should set sail for home before sundown!
Let the triple battle begin, King Gunther!
You have to defeat me three times, o king: with the stone, the spring, and the spear.
Fear not, o king! Make you the motions and my strength will win each contest. I'll throw the stone for you and carry you in the jump.
Here ends the Third Canto
Canto IV
How Brunhilde enters Worms and how the kings celebrated their wedding.
Start the prepartions for marriage! The king's ship is arriving!
We have reached our destination, my queen!
Are you really the man who defeated me threefold?
I am your captive, but I shall never be your wife!
Keep your word, King Gunther, as I have kept mine!
If Kriemhild gives her consent, o hero, we shall celebrate a double wedding here today.
Since when is it customary among Burgundians to give the King's daughter in marriage to a vassal?
Siegfried is no vassal. I love him as though he were my brother.  We shall become blood brothers today!
Blood is mingling with red blood, the drops fuse inseparably.  Whoever forsakes loyalty to the bloodbrother will perish at the wayside, all honor is lost!
Brunhilde has been defeated, not cowed.  Shall the king of Burgundy be scorned by an obstinate woman?
Damned be the deed half done!  Will you forsake your friend who gave you his own sister?
The magic cap will change you into what you wish.  Take Gunther's form and break Brunhilde's iron will.
Here ends the Fourth Canto
Canto V
How, after half a year, Siegfried's gift to his bride, the Nibelungen Treasure, arrives in Worms and how the two queens quarrel with each other.
O king, Burgundy's glory is waning, we need the Nibelungen treasure.
It would be folly to reject what Siegfried offers you as a brother and Kriemhild is worth more than all the gold in the world!
See what I found!
Put away the armlet, Kriemhild, it guards an ugly secret. The Mistress of the Nibelungen Treasure has no need for it!
Listen, Kriemhild, at how I won the armlet - and keep silent!
The Nibelungen treasure has arrived!
How long, King Gunther, will Siegfried and Kriemhild tarry at the court of Burgundy?
They stay for the sake of my mother.  Would you, Brunhilde, be willing to take up the daughter's place for Queen Ute?
Your brother's honor is entwined with this armlet. It never should be seen again by human eyes!
It seems to me high time, King Gunther, that you send Siegfried back home to Xanten!
Never! He shall leave of his own freewill!
I am going to attend mass, my daughter. Follow me soon!
I'll go to the cathedral in the regalia of the queen of Burgundy!
The wife of a vassal may not precede the Queen of Burgundy!
How did you dare refer to Siegfried, my husband?
Siegfried introduced himself to me as Gunther's vassal and servant.  He did servant's work for my husband!
You, whom he disdained. You, whom he gave away. You dare to belittle Siegfried?
Make way for the Queen of Burgundy, vassal woman!
You recognize this armlet, you queen of Burgundy?
How came that armlet into your hand?
The carrier of the magic helmet who, disguised as Gunther, defeated you three times - Siegfried, my husband gave it to me!
King! Speaks your sister the truth?
Kill Siegfried!
Kill Siegfried!
Your babbling, hero, was worse than murder!
Kill Siegfried!
Siegfried is safe from your wrath.  None can slay the dragon slayer!
Save in one spot, where the linden leaf clung, is he vulnerable as other men!
King Gunther, let me deal with the dragon slayer!
We pledged blood brotherhood.  How can I be party to his death?
The one who took the armlet from me made me his wife, took my maidenhood from me!
Tronje, announce to the people of Burgundy that I invite everybody to a royal hunt to kill a mad dog and a ravening.
Here ends the Fifth Canto.
Canto VI
How Gunther betrayed Siegfried.
Can you keep a secret Kriemhild?
I once broke the oath to be silent and never will do so again!
Well then, the upcoming hunt might easily turn into a chase for men. A secret message warns me of war against Burgundy!
Good for you, Kriemhild, that your husband is the dragon slayer, the invincible!
Who warrants me that in the heat of battle not a chance blade should pierce where the lime leaf fell?
If you want me to protect him, I have to know the exact spot where the invicible could be hurt!
You are good counsel, you truest of true. I shall mark the spot with a little cross myself!
I come to take leave, Brunhilde.  We are starting for the hunt in the Odenwald forest.
Mind my vow, King Gunther, I shall not eat nor drink until my disgrace has been vindicated!
O my dear lord, don't leave me.  I dreamt last night a furious boar tore you to pieces!
O my dear lord, don't leave me.  I dreamt further that two mountains collapsed and buried you!
Today Gunther and I will reconcile.  Who else is my enemy?
Mother, I feel as if blood is draining from my heart!
The hunt in the Odenwald forest lasted from morning until sundown.
A handful of red gold for a cooling draught of white wine!
A wheel broke from the wagon loaded with wine. But I know of a cool brook nearby!
I always heard of you as the fastest runner of all heroes, let's run, you and I, for the first draught!
Gunther, my brother, let's be friends again!
When you are back from the spring!
Grim Hagen spoke:  "The hunt is over!"
Here ends the Sixth Canto.
Canto VII
How Kriemhild swears revenge to Hagen Tronje.
You may break your fast, Brumhild, Siegfried is dead.
Hail to you King Gunther! For the sake of a woman's lie, you have slain your most loyal friend!
I call to you for justice, King Gunther!  Hagen Tronje has slain my husband!
Loyalty for loyalty, Kriemhild.  His deed is ours. His fate is ours.  Our breast is his shield.
You might try to hide among my clan, behind the altars of God, or at the end of the world - You cannot escape my vengeance. Hagen Tronje!
Announce to King Gunther, my brother, the Queen of Burgundy is dead!
Thus ends the tale of Siegfried.
