December 16th.
It was a morning so cold,
it seems as if the Earth would break into even chunks if you were to hit it with an ice pick.
Cold!
Shut up!
Cold... cold, cold, cold!
Kyon-kun!
Wake up!
Mom says you have to eat breakfast.
Your breakfast is ready too, Shami!
Shami~ Shami~
Shami, it's breakfast time!
Cold...
Cold!
Rise.
Bow.
Thank you very much!
Farewell.
It was really hot up until the Cultural Festival about a month ago,
but then it was suddenly December, and as if Mother Nature had just realized, it cooled down rapidly.
Feels like Japan never had Fall this year, to begin with.
I do hope someone up there didn't confuse his wish for prosperity with a random spell.
I wish those Siberian winds would just take a different route.
There's no real need to come visit us every year like this.
I don't know if the Earth's rotation has gone out of whack or what,
but I'm worried about Mother Nature.
I only worry though, and don't really give a damn about it.
Ah, Koizumi?
Hi there.
Committee meeting?
Yes.
Your face says something's bothering you.
What's the matter?
Haruhi's been lively since this morning.
Oh?
About that, right?
Yes, that.
Koizumi-kun, hurry up!
Ah, yes.
Excuse me then.
Sure.
That, huh...
Good grief.
Every day's so cold...
Yeah...
We have to go up and down this hill everyday, so why can't they give us a break for gym class?
Agreed.
What's with that old man talk?
Look, look! I'm not even wearing a sweater.
Summer is terrible, but this season is amazing!
Where does all that energy come from?
Send some of it my way.
Do you know what today's date is?
December 16th.
What about it?
What do you mean, "what about it"?
In just one week, the day in which your heart shall dance will finally come!
Don't you guys know about it?
The end of term ceremony?
It's true; winter vacation is an event worth waiting for.
Not that!
There's a far more meaningful event.
Listen, think about what the date will be eight days from now.
Eight days, got it?
Do that and you'll hit the spot.
I know.
Ah, Kyon-kun!
Good afternoon!
Asahina-san, Tsuruya-san.
Hi there.
Why the gloomy face?
Shape up, young man~
Later, Kyon-kun!
Yep, bye then.
Kyon-kun, I'll come after I'm done with my stuff.
See ya!
All right!
I'd already foreseen that a certain someone was scheming something for next week.
After all, that one person who'd easily spot this event before me, sits right behind me in class.
The person who, since April, had been a curse on my everyday life and the universal source of my troubles.
That's right.
Her.
Oh right, I saw Asahina-san earlier...
Only you, Nagato?
Sorry for the wait!
I wasn't waiting.
SOS Brigade
kotae wa itsumo watashi no mune ni
答えはいつも私の胸に...
The answer is always in my heart.
nande darou anata wo eranda watashi desu
なんでだろう　あなたを選んだ私です
I wonder why... I'm the one who chose you.
mou tomaranai unmei-sama kara kimerareta kedo
もうとまらない　運命様から決められたけど
It can no longer be stopped. Destiny was determined long ago.
I believe
mane dake ja tsumaranai no
真似だけじゃつまらないの
Doing what everyone else does is no fun.
You'll be right!
kanjiru mama kanjiru koto dake wo suru yo
感じるまま感じることだけをするよ
Only do the things you can truly experience.
bouken desho desho!?
冒険でしょでしょ!?
It's an adventure, right? Right?
HONTO ga uso ni kawaru sekai de
ホントが嘘に変わる世界で
We live in a world where truth becomes fiction.
yume ga aru kara tsuyoku naru no yo
夢があるから強くなるのよ
Dreams are what you make strong.
dare no tame janai
誰の為じゃない
It isn't for someone else.
issho ni kite kudasai
一緒に来てください
Please come with me.
doko made mo jiyuu na watashi wo mite yo ne
どこまでも自由な私を見てよね
Watch me be free as a bird.
ashita kado ni natta kyou no ima ga kiseki
明日過去になった今日のいまが奇跡
The moment tomorrow when today turns from present to past is a miracle.
tsuka mou mirai wo
つかもう未来を
Let's take hold of our future.
I believe you...
Does anybody here have plans for Christmas Eve?
I knew it.
Kyon, of course there's no way you would,
I could tell that without asking.
What the hell!
But I'd feel bad if I didn't ask, so I might as well check with you.
And what if I did?
Let me ask that first.
In other words "no", right?
What about Koizumi-kun?
Do you have a date with your girlfriend or something?
I'd love to say that were the case,
but for better or for worse, my schedule before Christmas is completely open.
I've actually been pondering how I should spend the time.
That was deliberate.
I can smell a liar.
Then you've nothing to worry about,
since that's really lucky!
How about you, Mikuru-chan?
Did someone take you out really late at night to see the moment rain turns into snow?
Were you born in the Showa period or something?
Let's see, I don't really have anything-
Late at night?
That aside, won't you go out with me, Asahina-san?
Yuki?
None.
Thought so!
So fast!
That being the case...
SOS Brigade
Christmas Party
...the motion for an SOS Brigade Christmas party passes unanimously!
If you have any other suggestions or objections, make a note after the party.
If I just need to read them, I will.
As usual, she's just going ahead without us.
That being said, I suppose the fact that she bothered asking everyone counts as an improvement.
Um...
What are we going to do at the party?
That's what we're going to discuss here!
Today's December 16th, so we have a week plus a day till the 24th.
For the time being, I brought some Christmas goods, so have a look!
If you want to run an event correctly, then you need to start off by developing the atmosphere!
She's dumping unnecessary stuff in here again...
Where do they all come from, by the way?
Let's liven up this dreary room!
Kyon, didn't you do stuff like this when you were a kid?
Whether I did or not, my little sister would get me to help decorate her room every year.
She's turning 11 this year, but she still has faith in the Santa legend.
You should learn from your little sister's pure heart.
You can't dream without believing.
If you don't, even simple wishes won't be granted.
You're putting it on already?
When in Rome, do as the Romans.
When in a village, follow the village rules.
It's Christmas, so how could we ignore the rules of Christmas?
There aren't many people who wouldn't want to have their birthday celebrated.
Even Mr. Christ would definitely be happy to see us have fun!
I wonder who will be cleaning that up...
...me, right?
Figures.
All right!
I don't really care, but from the outside, that's going to be mirrored.
Oh yeah!
I've got an early present for you, Mikuru-chan.
Really?
Ta-da!
Suzumiya-san, please wait!
Come on, strip!
I feel sorry for Asahina-san,
but I feel relieved, seeing Suzumiya-san having fun like that.
Closed space and Celestials, right?
That's right.
My compatriots and I fear that the most.
Thankfully, the rate at which they appear has plummeted since spring.
So they still appear every now and then?
Rarely.
Nowadays they only appear between midnight and dawn, while she's sleeping.
Most likely, she creates closed space unconsciously when she has bad dreams.
Awake or asleep, she's a menace.
Absolutely not!
We've been observing Suzumiya-san since before she entered high school...
...but I never would have imagined her being happy and laughing every day like this.
Since she met you, Suzumiya-san's spirit is incomparable to what it was like when she was in middle school.
Is that so?
Suzumiya-san is obviously changing.
For the better, too.
After all, the people around Suzumiya-san are changing too.
Me, you, and Asahina-san.
And probably Nagato-san as well.
That's a surprise.
Koizumi also noticed that Nagato's been changing, little by little?
You can come in now!
Ow...
Hey Kyon!
Don't peep!
The glory of the Santa Asahina before me surpassed the real-
Pervert Kyon!
You're 2,005,600 years too early to be peeping at Mikuru-chan's panties!
You did that on purpose, right?
Well, didn't you?!
Like hell it was!
It was an accident!
An accident!
I understand...
I'm sorry too.
Wow, this is quite something.
I'm very sorry, but nothing more poetic comes to mind.
It suits you very well.
Right?
Mikuru-chan is absurdly cute, right?
Get a little more confidence in yourself!
From now until the Christmas party, you're the SOS Brigade's exclusive Santa Claus!
What do you think, Mikuru-chan? Isn't it an honor?
It's an honor!
You can stay dressed like that the whole time until the party!
In this way, December 16th passed by.
And so, December the 17th dawned.
A Christmas party, huh?
It really seems like something Suzumiya would do.
You're holding it in the clubroom?
Well, just make sure the teachers don't find out.
There'll be trouble again otherwise.
Are you coming?
Oh, sorry Kyon...
...but I don't have time on that day to go to some dumb party.
What's with that eerie laugh and smile?
I have plans for that day.
Only romantically-challenged people would get together with weird friends,
and spend Christmas Eve together at a party in school.
Unfortunately, I'm no longer that kind of guy.
Don't tell me...
It's exactly what you're thinking!
In my schedule book, there is a red heart mark on the 24th, Christmas Eve.
Oh I'm sorry, I really am~
I'm really, really sorry~
Who is she?
A first year in Kouyouen Academy.
I guess I have to decide soon where we'll go, and how we'll spend our time together~
What a bother!
Kyon!
Nothing in particular happened after school that day, and we ended the day putting up decorations in the clubroom.
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
Pure Student Life
I didn't think of it this year, but next year we should also have parties for the Buddha and Mohammed's birthdays.
Otherwise it's unfair.
They'd just laugh bitterly at the sight of us unbelievers celebrating for them.
Everyone, what food should we have?
Hot pot? Sukiyaki?
Crabs are a no go.
Picking out the meat from the shell is annoying.
Why can't crabs make their shells edible?
I wonder why they didn't do something about that during the evolutionary process?
It was with that in mind that they developed shells.
They didn't go through natural selection on the seabed for the sole purpose of being eaten by you.
Haruhi, we're out of decorations.
Then get some more on your way home.
Me?
You.
Whatever we decide on, it'd be best if we hurry with our reservations.
If we don't, everything will fill up.
We don't need to worry about that, because we're doing it here!
Eh?
Here?
Hot pot?
We already have all the necessary equipment...
All that's left are the ingredients.
However, alcohol is a no go.
I've taken a heartfelt oath not to drink again for the rest of my life.
Hold on a second.
Open flames are prohibited in this building.
It's more fun doing these things in secret!
If the student council or a teacher comes in, I'll just show them my magnificent hot pot.
When I do that, even they won't be able to help crying tears of appreciation,
and will make an exception for sure!
Make absolutely no mistake,
it's perfect!
Now everyone, get your hands moving!
Let's liven up the mood with some fantastic decorations!
We will absolutely make this party a success!
Now then...
...that was too long for a prologue, right?
However, everything that happened up to now really was just the prologue.
What is it, Kyon?
Now comes the main story, starting the very next day.
I'm at the store, which one would you like?
What do they have there?
It's possible that it started this evening, but that's not really relevant.
The next day was a day, when even the winds blowing down from the mountains
seemed to turn to ice... December 18th.
The day I fell into the dark sea called despair,
and the day I was plunged into an abyss called horror.
I'll tell you from the start:
For me, it was no laughing matter.
Kyon-kun!
Wake up!
Shami~ Shami~ breakfast~
Yo, Taniguchi.
Ah, Kyon?
What's up? Caught a cold?
Yeah...
I wanted to take a break today, but my old man made a fuss.
That's sudden, after how lively you were up until yesterday...
What are you talking about?
I wasn't feeling well yesterday either.
Weren't you all giddy about your plans for Christmas Eve?
Well, get better by your date.
Honestly, a chance like this is never-
Date? What are you on about?
I don't have any plans for Christmas Eve.
What about your girlfriend, the Kouyouen girl?
Did you get dumped last night?
Eh?
Kyon. Really, what are you talking about?
I don't know anything about that.
I see.
Apparently, his plans for a date really did go under.
Right after saying all that yesterday, it must be pretty painful for him to show his face today.
I see, I see...
Don't let it get you down.
How about coming to the party in our clubroom?
You can still make it.
Clubroom?
Party?
That's news to me.
Is that right...
In other words, that. The shock was such that everything I say goes right past him.
I'll play along then.
The eternally grand flow called time will solve everything.
...seems like they didn't ask...
That's rough... I wonder if they went to the doctor...
Surprisingly,
the cold had suddenly spread around Class 1-5.
Taniguchi had gone straight to the nurse's office when school started, and hadn't come to class since.
Even more surprisingly, the seat behind me had remained vacant since first period.
I couldn't believe it...
Did Haruhi also take the day off?
Was this year's cold really that bad?
A pathogen that could invade that girl's body...
One that could bring down even Haruhi. It's hard to imagine.
I haven't really been able to go swimming.
There hasn't been much other than weight training.
Well, it can't be helped, right?
Looks like she's absent, so I guess I can sit behind you.
Yeah.
This cold's spread around all of a sudden, huh?
I've seen plenty of people with it for about a week now.
A week?
It doesn't look like influenza.
It might have been better if it were though, since there are medicines for that these days.
This cold has been going around for a week?
Lots of people have been taking sick days...
Kyon, didn't you notice?
I totally didn't.
It's been getting worse since the start of this week.
I want to avoid classes getting canceled.
I bet they'd take away our winter vacation to make up for it.
Taniguchi's also been looking pretty bad lately.
His dad's policy is to cure colds through willpower,
so unless he had a 40-degree fever, he wouldn't let him take the day off.
Kunikida...
I may be wrong here, but I thought Taniguchi started looking bad only today...
Of course not.
He's been like that ever since the start of the week.
He didn't even attend PE yesterday, either.
What's wrong, Kyon?
You're not eating?
What the hell is this?
It wouldn't be an outbreak of yet another premonition troubling all of mankind, excluding Haruhi, would it?
As I thought.
My instincts should not be ignored.
It was definitely a premonition.
What I didn't see coming was who the trouble would target.
Not "all of mankind, excluding Haruhi",
the trouble this time would befall just one person.
I shouldn't need to say it...
Me.
I alone was standing in bewilderment, stunned, while the world went on without me.
Good morning!
Oh? Didn't you have a cold?
I heard you were taking a day off...
Sure you aren't pushing yourself too hard?
Are you okay?
You look well, but...
After getting a shot at the hospital this morning, I felt much better.
It's pretty boring to stay at home, so I figured it'd be all right for me to come this afternoon.
Excuse me for a second, I'll be right back.
Ah, I should go.
What's with that weird look?
Could it be that there's something stuck to my face?
Sorry, I'll clean up right now.
Don't worry, I'm only putting my bag down.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
Take your time.
Hey!
What is it?
Why are you here?
What do you mean?
Something strange with me being here?
Or do you mean it would be better if my cold had been prolonged?
I don't care about your cold.
It's not that at all!
Kyon...
You're being really weird...
You've been saying strange things all day.
You should probably-
Kunikida!
Don't you remember anything when you look at her?
Who is she? You know, right?
She is a person who shouldn't be here!
What do you mean by "shouldn't be here"?
She's always been in the same class as us.
It's rude to forget your classmate's face after they took a couple of days off.
I haven't forgotten it.
That face is of the person who tried to kill me.
I get it!
You must have taken a nap during lunch.
Did you have a bad dream or something?
How about you go and wash your face?
I'll lend you a handkerchief.
I don't need it!
I see...
I don't know what might come out instead of a handkerchief...
More importantly, tell me what the hell is going on!
Why did you put your bag down at Haruhi's seat?
This here is not your seat.
It's Haruhi's!
Haruhi?
Who is "Haruhi"?
Huh?
Do you know, Kunikida-kun?
"Haruhi", huh...
Hey...
I've never heard of her.
Haruhi is Haruhi...
You've all forgotten Suzumiya Haruhi?
How could you possibly forget that person?
Kyon...
There's no one like that in our class...
And this seat has been Asakura-san's since our last switch around.
Are you confusing this with another class?
That's impossible...
That's impossible!
That's... impossible!
Kunikida-kun, look inside my desk please.
Take out the class register.
Okay, sure.
Sakanaka
Kasane
Suzuki
Miharu
Kunikida...
What?
Pinch my cheek please.
I'd like to wake up.
You sure?
Yes, hurry!
Ow!
Hey, you know Suzumiya Haruhi, right?
I-I don't...
I've never heard of her.
Asakura was supposed to have transferred!
Am I wrong?
What are you saying?
She's always been here...
You must know Haruhi!
I-I don't...
That seat is Suzumiya Haruhi's seat, right!?
That's... Asakura-san's seat.
What the...
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Let's go to the nurse's office.
It might be the onset of that cold...
Haruhi's disappeared?
No one remembers her?
How is that possible?
Didn't this world revolve around her?
The one requiring surveillance on a universal scale... Wasn't that her?
Nagato...
Nagato!
Nagato!
Not here...
She'd be in the clubroom right now.
Oh right, Koizumi!
Where's Class 1-9?
Where did Class 1-9 go?
This goes beyond Koizumi...
Does this mean that an entire class worth of people have vanished?
What is this?
What the hell is going on?
Hey, you...
Class has already started.
Shit!
A person who shouldn't be here is here,
and a person who must be here is not.
If I haven't gone mad, then it means the world has.
Who did this?
Haruhi, was it you?
Absolutely nothing from afternoon classes sunk in.
I was afraid.
Not so much of Asakura Ryouko,
but of the fact that Haruhi and Koizumi weren't in this school.
Before I realized it, school was over.
Kunikida and Asakura's words of concern had passed right through my pessimism.
I can't even recall how I answered them.
Oh yeah, have you decided what to write?
Not yet...
Whenever I try, I get kind of lost...
Then how about I think one up for you?
It's fine...
I'll figure something out for Mikuru!
Asahina-san!
Asahina-san!
Haruhi's not here!
And Koizumi's entire classroom is missing!
I haven't checked on Nagato yet,
but Asakura's here, and the whole school's acting odd!
You're my Asahina-san, right?
Right? You are, right?
You're that Asahina-san who came from the future, right?!
Um...
I don't know what you mean by "future"...
P-Please let go...
Hold on, kid!
It's no good if you just come out of nowhere.
You've gone and scared my Mikuru stiff.
That hurts!
That hurts, Tsuruya-san!
Huh? You know me?
Don't tell me... it can't be...
I wonder, who might you be?
Have we met somewhere?
Are you an acquaintance of Mikuru's?
I don't know this person!
Uh...
Um...
You must've been mistaken...
Mikuru, are you all right?
Please stop this, Asahina-san...
I'm fine...
It's all good then.
Though you really are popular...
Saying I've mistaken her for someone else...
How could that happen?
I guess being cute is bothersome...
I don't know how you put up with it!
Wait!
There's a way to find out whether or not this person is the Asahina-san I know!
Asahina-san!
Yes?
There should be a star-shaped mole on your chest around here!
Could you show it to me?
Ah! Mikuru!
Hey kid, you can't chase after her this much.
Mikuru's pretty timid, after all.
If you do anything like that again...
...I'll get seriously furious.
Wait up Mikuru!
It's all over...
In many ways.
My options are running out...
I don't know her home phone number.
I also don't know her address, so I can't look up her number.
I figured I'd try visiting her, but after thinking hard about it, I realized I don't know where she is.
There was only one possibility left for me.
My final hope, the last line of defense.
If this fell, it'd all be over.
Terminated.
I'm begging you...
She's here!
Why is she wearing glasses?
Why does she have that expression?
Nagato...
Yes?
Tell me...
Do you...
...know who I am?
I do.
Actually, I know a little bit about you too.
Will you hear me out?
You're not a human, but a living android created by aliens.
You can use magic-like powers and have saved us before with them.
Like the homerun-enhanced bat, and the entry into the camel cricket's closed space.
That's the you I know.
Am I wrong?
Sorry.
Why is she apologizing?
Why is Nagato saying that?
I know that you're a student in Class Five.
From what I've seen of you.
But beyond that, I don't know.
This is the first time I've had a conversation with you.
Which means you're not an alien?
Alien?
And the name "Suzumiya Haruhi"... do you remember anything about it?
Nothing.
W-Wait!
That's impossible.
Hey!
You remember repeating summer vacation 15000 times, right!?
Please remember!
The world has changed between yesterday and today.
Asakura is here in place of Haruhi!
Who's orchestrated this player substitution?
Was it your master, the Data Integration Thought Entity?
Asakura's been resurrected, so you must know something!
Asakura is like you, right?
What's her plan?
You should be able to explain it!
Up until now, it's always been that way, right?
Stop...
Sorry.
I didn't mean to attack you.
There was just something I wanted to confirm...
Dammit...
It's game over.
If this is some psychological attack, it's been pretty successful.
I should commend them.
So, who is behind this experiment?
Haruhi?
The Data Integration Thought Entity?
Some new invisible enemy of the world?
Sorry.
This is just a regular Literature clubroom.
On that day in May, when Haruhi dragged me in here,
and I met Nagato for the first time... I saw this room.
No, that's wrong.
This computer's the one thing that feels "off" in this room.
There was no computer in the original clubroom, and this isn't the one that Haruhi brought here.
She really isn't the Nagato I know after all.
She wouldn't make that kind of expression.
Nagato...
Could I use that for a little bit?
Please wait.
Windows 95 is starting up
Windows 95 is starting up
She must be moving or deleting some files.
She must have things she doesn't really want to show to other people.
I understand her feelings.
I myself have picture files of Asahina-san I wouldn't want anyone else seeing.
Here you go.
Sorry for the trouble.
I couldn't find any files related to the SOS Brigade,
nor the collection of Asahina-san pictures I had hidden.
I couldn't access the SOS Brigade website either.
There was no proof anywhere that Haruhi existed here.
My Computer
Searching...
Folder name
No items match your search.
I wanted a hint message from Nagato to appear, just like that time Haruhi and I were trapped in closed space...
That's what I'd hoped for, anyway.
Sorry for intruding.
Is that all?
Yeah.
I couldn't find what I was looking for.
Wait.
If it's okay... please take this.
Club Entry Registration
I strongly wish to join the club, so I'm presenting this registration form.
The most relieving thing...
...is that since entering high school, I've experienced a terrible lack of common sense,
which is a good thing.
If I hadn't, I have no doubt I'd have run to find a counselor for help long ago.
Where is she?
She left me all alone here; where is she living her carefree life?
Shit.
Why do I have to look for her, anyway?
Welcome back, Kyon-kun!
Dinner will be ready soon.
Dinnertime, Shami!
Dinner, dinner, dinner, nya~
Dinner, dinn-
What are you doing?
Do you remember Haruhi?
Or Asahina-san, or Nagato, or Koizumi?
We played baseball, went to an island, and made a movie together, right?
What?
I don't know them...
When did this cat start staying here?
Who brought him here?
Um...
You got him last month.
You got him from a friend who moved to another country, right?
Right, Shami?
Give Shami back!
I have something to discuss with him.
Just between the two of us.
Go outside for a while, right now.
You're going to talk with Shami? Really?
It's cold!
Geez!
Mom!
Kyon-kun's gone funny in the head.
Now, Shamisen.
Previously, I've told you never to speak again.
But it's fine now.
Rather, if you'd talk now, that would be a relief to me.
So, Shamisen. Say something.
Anything is fine.
Philosophy or natural science, anything you want.
It doesn't have to be something easy to understand.
Please talk!
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Are you unable to talk, but able to hear me?
If that's the case, put out your right paw for "yes", and your left paw for "no".
I thought as much.
I understood one thing.
This is not a world where cats can talk.
What would be odd would be for Shamisen to be able to talk in the first place.
So really, this isn't odd at all.
This is actually normal for this world.
Is that really so?
December 19th.
From today onwards, classes have been shortened.
The cold had spread through the entire school.
...caught a cold, so I wanted to take a day off.
I'm not feeling well either.
Morning.
Are you awake today?
I guess so.
But you know, merely having your eyes open doesn't always mean you're awake.
Absorbing what your eyes take in is the first step to getting a grasp on your surroundings.
What do you think?
Can you do that?
Asakura.
I don't know whether or not you're playing innocent, but I'll ask once again.
Have you ever thought about killing me?
You really should go to a hospital as soon as possible.
Before it's too late.
Non-combustible cans, bottles.
What do you think about this, for example?
Say there is a very unfortunate person in some place.
But one day, he wakes up to a world he doesn't understand.
That wonderful world is a utopia that words cannot describe...
...and no misfortune can befall him anymore.
Overnight, someone delivered him from Hell to Heaven.
However, that person wasn't consulted about it.
He was taken by someone he didn't know, their identity remaining an absolute mystery.
He hasn't figured out who could have done it, and no one else ever seems to notice.
So, in this case, should that person consider it a blessing?
Up until now, my nerves were influenced by being involved in strange events concerning Haruhi.
But that has nothing to do with the "me" of the present.
Here, there is no Haruhi, no Koizumi; while Nagato and Asahina-san are ordinary humans.
There are also no aliens, time travelers, or espers.
Even better, cats lack the ability to speak.
It's an exceedingly ordinary world.
Well?
The previous world where Haruhi existed... or the current world where Haruhi has disappeared?
Which one should I be happier about?
Am I... happy?
After school, my legs took me to the Literature clubroom, through force of habit.
After class, I would always meet with the SOS Brigade,
drinking Asahina-san's tea, playing games with Koizumi, and lending an ear to Haruhi's delusions.
Even if you want to call that my vice and tell me to stop, I would find it difficult after all this time.
But... today feels different.
Really?
Ah, my girl...
What do I do with this?
The reason Nagato gave this to me is probably so that I'd join the Literature Club, and spend time with her.
Even in this world, it looks like the Literature Club has no other members.
How many people would she gather?
Ah, sorr-
Mikuru!
I want the days where I could drink tea prepared by Asahina-san back soon...
Literature Club
Come in.
Yo.
Was it all right for me to come?
I see.
I've come here, but there's nothing to do, really.
Hey, those books... are they all yours?
Some are left over from before.
I see...
This is...
This is borrowed...
...from... the public library.
I see.
Hey, have you ever tried writing a novel on your own?
I just read.
If the data she had hidden yesterday was a novel she'd written, I'd really want to read it.
Would it be sci-fi?
Couldn't be a love story, could it?
The Fall of Hyperion
Hyperion
Endymion
Joe R. Landsdale
The Bottoms
Note: The 4 books on the left are volumes of an anthology of short stories based of the Tales of Cthulhu Mythos.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
I'll be waiting at 7 pm in the park
in front of Kouyouen Station.
Note: Program execution condition: Gather the keys. Deadline: Two days.
Were you the one who wrote this?
"Program execution condition: Gather the keys. Deadline: Two days."
Did you write this?
It looks like my handwriting,
but I'm not sure.
I don't remember having written that.
I see.
No, I thought that'd be the case.
It's fine.
It would be troublesome for me if you did.
Sorry, just talking to myself.
Nagato!
You've left me a message after all!
It's okay if I treat this as a present from you, right?
A hint on how to resolve this situation you've given me...
That's okay, right?
Program...
Condition...
Keys...
Time limit...
Two days?
Today's the 19th.
Can I count that starting from this moment?
Or is it from yesterday when the world became strange?
So in the worst case, it means the limit is tomorrow.
I don't really get it, but it seems that in order to execute the program, I need the keys.
But what does it mean by "keys"?
If I were to gather them, where then do I take them to exchange for my prize?
If I execute that program, will the world go back to the way it should be?
In any case, "key" is just too vague.
Most likely, they're not the kind used for locking things,
but something like a "keyword" or a "key person" kind of key.
Even then, there are too many possibilities.
Is it an item? Is it a phrase?
Can you carry it? Can you not?
I wish you'd let me have that sort of information as an optional service, Nagato...
Key, key, key, key...
It's no good.
I just don't get it.
Is the Nagato here extremely shy?
Or isn't she used to being noticed?
At this rate, it might not be a bad thing to join the Literature Club and enjoy this world without Haruhi.
Yeah, right.
I can't give up yet.
I haven't tried Haruhi's hot pot yet,
and Asahina-san isn't burned into my mind yet, either.
I'm going home for today.
Okay.
Could it be... you were waiting for me to say that?
I'm walking home, alone with Nagato.
I don't really remember being in this situation.
Hey, Nagato...
Yes?
Um... do you live on your own?
Yes.
She's probably wondering "how did he know that?"
Actually, I've been to your house many times.
Even if I told you that story though, it'd be gibberish to the current you.
If you live alone, why not keep a cat or something?
Cats are great!
Every now and then you get the feeling they understand what you've said.
Pets are forbidden.
I see.
Um...
Will you come?
Where to?
My house.
Come in.
Sorry to intrude.
What is it?
Ah, nothing...
Is she shy? Is she timid? Is she assertive?
I don't understand her at all.
The layout of the room's changed a little too.
Nagato,
is it all right if I take a look at this room?
Go ahead.
Excuse me for a moment.
Thank you.
I...
I have met you before.
Outside of school.
Where?
Do you remember?
What?
The library...
...in May this year.
You... got me a library card.
I think I remember...
It was the first SOS Brigade mystery search tour.
If I didn't do that, you would never have moved from in front of the bookshelf.
But this Nagato shouldn't know about that.
Hey, Nagato...
Could you tell me more about it?
I think it was around the middle of May.
I went to the public library for the first time,
but then, had no idea how to get a library card.
It was difficult to ask the staff that day, since they looked very busy.
Also, I'm bad at talking to strangers...
It was a problem for me alone, but... someone called out to me.
And he went through the process in my place.
I took the card... and without saying anything, parted ways with him.
That was... you.
I've always regretted not saying what I should have.
For that reason... when I saw you at school, I was surprised.
Thank you.
It would have been simple to say "I remember."
However, there are discrepancies here.
We'd gone to the library to kill time and get away from Haruhi.
But somehow, Haruhi has completely vanished from your story.
The Nagato I know... where did she go?
Yes?
Now's a little...
I understand.
Wait here.
...thought you might be hungry, so I brought some...
Oh? How come you're here?
Same to you... how come you're here?
I'm a bit like a volunteer.
It's more of a surprise that you're here.
Did... you make it?
Yes. Every now and then I bring some food to Nagato-san like this.
She doesn't eat much when you leave her be.
You two must be good friends.
Well, we do live in the same apartment building.
So, for what reason are you here?
Um...
I was walking home with Nagato...
Also, I'm thinking about joining the Literature Club...
I wanted some advice about it,
so I wanted to ask her for the details and she let me in.
It's not like I forced my way in.
You? In the Literature Club?
Sorry, but I can't imagine that at all.
Do you actually read books?
Or do you write?
I've been thinking about whether I'll read or write.
Oh?
You're not going to eat here?
That's too bad, I'm proud of this dish.
Sorry for having intruded.
I think I'll stay for dinner.
I'm so hungry that I feel like I might die.
If I don't eat something, I doubt I'll ever get home alive.
Oh well, if I went home like this, somehow I feel like I'd regret it later.
Nagato openly declaring her will is an extremely rare occurrence.
Oh, welcome back!
Food that's eaten together with everyone tastes better.
Right?
Right, a while back after school, I went out with a classmate to look for clothes.
There was a scarf that I think would suit you, Nagato-san.
I thought I might secretly give it to you as a Christmas present,
but it'd be troublesome to return it if you didn't like it.
So, how about coming with me to take a look?
If you like it, I'll buy another one that's the same.
I'll think about it.
Also, regarding the bath...
This Asakura seems to be in good terms with Nagato.
It's almost like she's a caring aunt.
So, is it good?
Y-Yeah...
It feels like I've made camp in front of the gates of Hell though...
Well, make sure you put the leftovers into another container, and put it in the fridge.
I'll come and get the pot tomorrow, so until then...
Hey...
Is it okay if I go to the clubroom tomorrow as well?
I don't really have anywhere else I can go.
Hey.
Hey!
What's the matter?
I tried to talk to you before...
...but you look like you've just seen an alien or something like that.
An alien wouldn't be unusual.
I saw something far more unbelievable.
Never mind.
So, what was it?
I ask you, do you like Nagato-san?
How could I dislike her?
Nagato's the one who saved me from your knife... she's my savior.
I can't say that though.
I'm thinking about it too hard, huh?
You like odd girls more, so Nagato-san isn't really your type.
Why do you know what I like?
I heard it from Kunikida-kun.
You were like that when you were in middle school, right?
That bastard...
Spreading rumors irresponsibly like that...
But, if you were to go out with Nagato-san, you really should think about it seriously.
If you don't...
I won't forgive you.
Why do you care so much about Nagato?
"Why" you ask...
Well, it's something like neighborhood friendship?
She's the type of girl you can't just leave alone, you know?
Eh- ah...
See you later!
Yeah.
I wanted to get back home quickly and sleep.
I didn't care if it was only in my dreams, but...
She could've invaded someone's dreams unconsciously.
Geez...
Whether or not you're around, you're such a bother, so why don't you appear right now at this vital time?
Every now and then, can't you listen to my wishes?
What the hell...
I... wanted to see Haruhi.
Kyon-kun!
December 20th.
Good morning!
I awoke from a dreamless sleep.
It's morning!
The time limit should be up today,
and I still haven't found the keys.
If I don't do something about it today, the world will probably stay like this.
It's also possible that it could get even worse.
Oh yeah, Senpai... do you have any plans for Christmas Eve?
Nagato...
Yeah... I'm going to practice.
Why did you set a deadline?
Even with your power, were you extremely limited?
Is that important to you?
You're...
Yo, Kyon!
In the next Science class,
it's my row's turn today.
Help me learn some of this.
Hey, Kunikida.
Actually I'm already going out for a little bit.
Teach this guy about sodium hydroxide.
He wants to know especially about how it gets along with hydrochloric acid.
Isn't that pretty easy?
If you mix them, they get neutralized.
Which part?
This part here.
Ah, that?
That's easy.
Well...
Do the calculation in moles first...
Oh yeah, Kyon...
Apparently you were making a fuss the day before yesterday.
Weren't you also here the day before yesterday?
I'd been asleep in the nurse's office since that morning.
I took the day off yesterday, too.
What was it?
Some half-crazed talk about how Asakura should or shouldn't be here?
I guess.
He was saying something weird, like someone being replaced by Asakura.
Haruhi-san, right?
Did you figure out who that was in the end?
Never mind that now.
Haruhi?
By "Haruhi", you mean Suzumiya Haruhi?
You know her, Taniguchi?
Yeah.
Ah, this too.
Ah, you need to think for yourself a little...
What?
But I totally don't get it...
Just then, what did you say?
Huh?
This problem. I don't get-
Before that.
Oh, Suzumiya Haruhi?
She was this crazy girl in East Middle.
All the way through middle school, we were in the same class.
Wait, how come you know-
You damned octopus!
What?
Who's the octopus?!
If I'm an octopus, then you're a-
You... you know Haruhi?!
How could I not?!
I couldn't even forget her after 50 years!
Anyone who went to East Middle would know her.
Anyway, let go of me!
What the hell-
Where?!
Where did Haruhi go?!
Will you calm down?
You're so loud!
You're like a drum!
Did you see her somewhere and fall in love at first sight or something?
Give it up!
She looks great, but her personality's a mess!
Like this one time in the middle school yard where she drew these weird s-
I know that much!
Idiot!
Right now, where is Suzumiya Haruhi?!
Kouyouen Academy!
She went to that elite school!
Kouyouen Academy?
Was it such a high class school?
It was a girls' school, right?
Kyon!
That place has been co-ed for ages!
Y-Yeah!
It boasts the highest university entrance rates in the prefecture!
Are you all right?
You really must still have a fever.
Hey, Kyon...
I'm leaving early.
Tell Okabe that I looked like I was going to die of the black plague, dysentery, and typhoid all at the same time.
Also, Taniguchi...
Thanks!
Crap...
I screwed up.
I was wondering why it was so quiet near the school, but it's still class time.
Around this time, the city's high schools should have half-days,
but even so, there's still an hour before the end of the school day.
I guess I could just march in there...
Haruhi would definitely do just that,
and it would probably go well, but...
Unfortunately, I don't have that much confidence in myself.
Unlike Haruhi, I can be prudent when necessary.
That girl... wasn't she from Koizumi's class 1-9?
I thought they'd disappeared, but they're attending this school instead?
If that's the case, there's a good chance I'll see Haruhi.
I'd say the probability is 50-50.
If she stays on campus every day for club activities or something, I just have to wait like a scarecrow here.
Oh right...
What if she's created a different SOS Brigade at this school, and spends her time happily with other people?
Shit, that makes me feel sick.
Wouldn't that mean that she's finished using me and Asahina-san and Nagato and Koizumi?
If that were the case, I wouldn't even be a minor character.
I'd become a complete outsider.
I can't be happy with just that.
Give me a break!
Dammit!
Who should I pray to?
What should I believe in?
Christ?
Buddha?
Mohammed?
Zoroaster?
Lovecraft?
I'll do anything.
I'll do anything to take this anxiety away.
There!
I finally found her...
Suzumiya Haruhi.
Even better, she's with Koizumi!
So that means that in this world, they're close enough to walk home together...
No, never mind that.
That aside, that's an expression I haven't seen from her in a while.
Her face before entering high school and founding the SOS Brigade...
Eyes like a warrior without equal.
But... this isn't the time to reminisce.
What the hell...
Come on, was I always this much of a coward?
Move!
Move!
Hey!
What?
What do you want?
Who are you, by the way?
I don't recall ever having been called out with "Hey!" by a guy I don't know before.
If you're going to flirt, please do it somewhere else.
Is this our first meeting for you too?
So it would seem.
May I ask who you are?
Even here, are you a transfer student?
I transferred around spring, but how did you...
Do you remember an organization called the "Agency"?
The "Agency", is it?
Which characters do you write that with?
Haruhi.
Who told you to address me without honorifics?
What's wrong with you?
Get out of my way, you're bothering me.
Suzumiya!
Wait-
Don't even use my family name!
Anyway, how do you even know my name?
Oh, that's Suzumiya-san.
That's a North High uniform, right?
What is she doing?
Why are you even here?
Let's go, Koizumi-kun.
Okay...
Wai..
Haruhi!
You're persistent!
Suzumiya-san!
Let's go, Koizumi-kun.
Okay...
W-Wait!
Hey!
What are you doing?
Which school do you attend?
North... High?
I-I'm...
Shit!
Wait!
Haruhi!
Tell me just one thing!
Do you remember the Tanabata of three years ago?
On that day, you drew a picture in white lines on the school grounds.
So, what about it?
Everyone knows about that.
You weren't the only one who snuck into school that night, were you?
Back then, Asahina-
You were with a guy carrying a girl on his back, right?
And you drew pictographs with him!
And their meaning was probably...
"I... am here!"
Now, that's enough-
Wait!
Hey, don't struggle!
Um... Suzumiya-san?
Haru-
Owwwww!
Why?
How come you know that?
Who could you have heard that fr-
No...
I've never told anyone about that.
That time...
North High...
You! What's your name?!
John Smith.
John Smith...
You're...
...that "John" guy?
Back then... the strange high school student who helped me out...
Suzumiya-san!
Someone go call a teacher!
Are you all right?
I've found it.
Yes...
I finally found a clue.
In this crazy world, the one person who shares a memory of the past with me...
I met John Smith twice.
Twice?
After writing the message on the school grounds, on my way home he called out to me:
"Take care of the John Smith who will overload the world with fun!"
That's... different from what I recall.
I thought I'd connected the two,  but could they have been broken again?
Really, what a thing to say...
It's almost as if that John Smith was excessively encouraging her...
Um... excuse me...
I would like to clarify some points with you, if that is all right...
Sure.
You said you were living in a world different from this one before, right?
Yeah.
And in that world, Suzumiya-san and I are North High students, and members of an "SOS Brigade"?
That's right.
Additionally, a time traveler called Asahina Mikuru-san and an alien called Nagato Yuki-san are also present,
and I, as an esper, monitor Suzumiya-san along with them.
It's exactly as you say.
Oh, excuse me.
If it's true, it would be an astonishing story.
But even if you ask me to believ-
When I become depressed,
"Closed space" appears, right?
Y-Yeah...
And because of that, the universe almost collapsed?
Right.
But that "me" doesn't know about it, right?
S-Suzumiya-san...
Just me?
It's exactly as you say.
You live out your peaceful days, oblivious of that fact.
Supernatural events always happen over there, right?
Yeah...
Um...
That sounds like fun!
You believe me?
Suzumiya-san...
The you from over there didn't believe my story at all.
Then that me really is an idiot.
I will believe you.
After all...
...that way, it's far more interesting, right?
After I met John Smith, I looked into North High's students.
I had a look around,
but there wasn't anyone like John.
But that's because you weren't a student at North High yet three years ago!
What are you laughing at?
Oh, nothing.
Anyway, why didn't the "you" of this world come to North High?
There wasn't really a reason.
When I entered high school, John would have already graduated...
and I never did find him anyway.
Also, my homeroom teacher kept telling me about how Kouyouen Academy had a much better university entrance rate.
I see.
So, what about you?
The same as Suzumiya-san.
I merely went somewhere that suited my academic ability.
SOS Brigade, huh...
It sounds like fun!
You're the only one who enjoys it unconditionally though.
If we believe what you've said,
we can take two interpretations of your explanation for this collapsed situation.
To start, the first interpretation is that you have moved into a parallel world...
Like this.
And the other possibility is that the world you were in has...
Thanks.
...has changed entirely,
with you alone remaining.
However, either one leaves us a puzzle.
In the former case, where did the other "you" go?
In the latter case, why were you the only person who was left unchanged?
If you've entered a parallel world, then you need to find a plan to return to your original world.
In the case of the world having been changed, you need a way to restore it to its former state.
On that note, I'm slightly bothered by the question of whether or not I, or Suzumiya-san, will vanish.
Anyway, locating the person responsible for changing the world would be the quickest road to a resolution.
Who could do this but Haruhi?
It might be the work of some invaders from a parallel world.
They might unexpectedly appear before us.
You're not serious, right?
I'm only stating the possibilities.
For the time being... we need to look for the "key" that was mentioned in Nagato Yuki-san's message.
Hey, I want to go and look at that clubroom!
I'd like to meet Nagato-san and Asahina-san as well.
If the world-changing culprit is me, then maybe I'll remember something.
Right, John?
You think that's best too, right?
Wait, by "John", do you mean me?
"John" is better than something like "Kyon", isn't it?
It's a common name in Western countries.
Who could have made up such a lame nickname as "Kyon" anyway?
All right, you two. Let's hurry and go!
To where?
North High, obviously!
I'll go catch a cab.
That behavior is really like her.
Somehow, I'm relieved by it.
I'm only covering Suzumiya-san's part.
Hey, are you close to Haruhi?
I suppose.
I do like her.
Are you nuts?
No.
I think she's a charming person.
Where have I heard that line before...
But you know, Suzumiya-san is only interested in my outward characteristics.
She only spoke to me because I was a transfer student.
Though, lately she seems to be getting tired of that.
In the world you're from, there weren't any specific attributes you have that she was interested in, right?
For a long time, she's unknowingly involved me in strange happenings.
I see.
Then, the Suzumiya-san of your world is really interested in you, characteristics aside.
If your Suzumiya-san and the one I know have the same personality, that would mean...
I'm jealous.
You two! What are you doing?
Hurry!
Let's go.
Y-Yeah...
Come on, hurry it up!
Oh crap...
It's way after school already!
Even though I told Nagato I'd go to the clubroom...
Please wait just a little bit longer!
Okay, now what do we do?
I don't mind if you sneak into my school, but you'll definitely stand out wearing that.
It'll be troublesome if we're found by a teacher.
That's true...
I'll explain the plan to you.
Listen closely.
...like that.
That's very "you".
Are you sure you washed these properly?
About a week ago, yeah.
Now then, where shall we get changed?
Here's fine.
I can't believe that your legs are this long...
John, be on the lookout.
Okay...
Wait, hey!
It's fine, as I'm wearing a T-shirt underneath.
I see...
Finished!
You're not cold?
Not really.
Hey, how about you try a ponytail?
Why?
No particular reason.
I don't mind...
Though it looks easy, it's actually quite a hassle to tie one.
But this way it looks more like I'm in a sports club, I guess.
Is this all right?
Perfect.
In my eyes, your charm has improved by 36%.
Idiot.
Koizumi-kun, are you all done?
Yes, I suppose...
You look pretty cold.
Yes, I suppose...
Suzumiya-san, if you're not going to use it, could you lend me the jersey?
No.
I'm going to use it to hide our bags.
With that, John... catch!
Now, we really give the impression that we just came back from running.
Pretty good, huh?
It is impossible in every way to stop Haruhi once she's come out running.
Fight! Fight!
One, two, fight!
One, two, fight! One, two, fight!
I am well aware of that, and it seems this Koizumi is too.
Even so, to think we had to go to these lengths to get inside North High...
You two were normal students of this high school, until three days ago.
It's a bit run-down, isn't it?
Don't say idiotic things!
Nagato-san is currently waiting in the clubroom, right?
Yes, let's hurry!
Hold it!
What?
First, let's go grab Asahina-san.
But...
We can make Nagato-san wait a little longer.
Don't worry, it won't take long.
OK, to the Calligraphy Club then!
Sorry Nagato, please be patient for a bit more.
Is Asahina-san here?
Yes...?
I told her to be inconspicuous...
Hey, that girl...
Is she really a second year?
Without a doubt, it's her.
Hello.
I'm the Student Council Information Division's Suzumiya.
Asahina Mikuru-san, I need to ask you some things.
Please come with me.
S-Student Council's Infor-
Asahina-san... sorry!
Nagato!
Sorry, I-
Hello!
We're coming in!
Excuse us.
Good afternoon!
Um...
Where'd you take me?
Why did you-
W-W-W-Why are you locking it?
What are-
Shut up.
This is so similar to before, I could cry.
How nostalgic...
That girl is Nagato Yuki-san?
Pleased to meet you!
I'm Suzumiya Haruhi.
This enormous-breasted girl is Asahina-san,
and that guy in gym clothes is Koizumi-kun.
Hi there.
You're clearly suspicious.
And... you know him, right?
He's John Smith.
John Smith?
Please just leave it at that.
So this is the SOS Brigade's clubroom.
There's nothing here, but it's a good room.
I should bring a bunch of random stuff here.
U-Um...
So, what do we do from here?
Huh?
You... came this far without thinking about it?
That really is like you, Haruhi.
Anyhow, commuting to this clubroom is inconvenient, isn't it?
What do you mean?
I agree to making this room our base, but it takes too much time to come here every time.
Oh yeah!
What about setting aside some time to meet at the café in front of the station?
Hold it, hold it...
So, you're going to form the SOS Brigade in this world too? Is that what you're saying?
The name's not really important.
Our immediate goal should be... hmm...
If you're a slider, we should get you back to your previous world!
Once that-
Hey, I said...
That was startling...
Was it the computer?
Suddenly turning it on...
Nagato-san, weren't you the one who turned it on?
Didn't you set it to automatically power up?
Excuse me for a second.
What? What is it this time?
Just wait a second!
John...
What happened?
Have you gone mad?
No, I'm sane.
YUKI. N>
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this, I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
When you read this,
I will probably not be myself.
Yeah.
Absolutely right, Nagato....
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
YUKI.N>
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself,
Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and
Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
If this message is displayed, you, myself, Suzumiya Haruhi, Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki should be present.
That's right.
Everyone's assembled.
N
N>
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
That is the key.
You have found the solution.
I didn't find the solution.
Haruhi just barged in here, dragging Koizumi along.
Even so, it sure has been a while, Nagato.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
YUKI.N> This is the emergency escape program.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
To activate it, press "Enter", otherwise, press another key.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
Once activated, you will be given
a chance to correct space-time.
However, I cannot guarantee success.
I also cannot guarantee that you will return.
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
N>This program can be activated
only once.
only once.
only once.
only once.
only once.
only once.
only once.
only once.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
After it is executed, it will be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased.
If you do not activate it, it will also be erased
Hey, what's the meaning of this?
What kind of trick was that?
John, explain this!
Nagato.
Do you recall anything?
Nothing.
Are you sure there's nothing?
Why?
This is a message that Nagato left behind for me.
I don't know what kind of thing this "emergency escape program" is,
but I can't imagine that it wasn't her who set it up.
Doubting her words would mean doubting my own sanity.
Hey John, what's wrong?
You've got a strange look on your face, and you've told us nothing of what is going on here.
What on-
Shut up for a moment.
Sorry, I'm gathering my thoughts.
I see.
What is it?
Nothing...
It's all right.
Nagato.
I'm returning this, sorry.
I see.
But you know, Nagato...
I've been here from the start.
So, there's no point in me joining up.
Because...
Because, I'm a member of the SOS Brigade above all else.
Yeah, that means "okay".
I won't forgive you.
I'm jealous of you.
Is this...
...the Literature clubroom?
But...
...it doesn't look like I've returned to my original world...
This is the Literature clubroom I just came from.
None of the SOS Brigade equipment that Haruhi brought in is here.
It's hot...
Shit...
It's like midsummer.
When is this?
My shoes weren't in the shoe rack.
Also, it's clearly midsummer now.
It's like I've flown into a different space-time yet again.
Then, my first priority is to find out what year, month, day, hour, and minute it is right now.
Whether it is the past or the future makes a big difference.
Welcome!
So that's why, Nagato.
July 7th   Monday
July 7th
Monday
July 7th
Monday
July 7th
Monday
July 7th
Monday
July 7th
Monday
The nationwide Tanabata festival.
July 7th
Today is 7th July of three years ago.
Which means...
That's right...
On this day, after writing our wishes on cards in the clubroom,
I time-traveled with Asahina-san and reunited with her adult version.
And then, I helped the middle school first-year Haruhi draw pictographs on the school grounds.
After that, not being able to time-travel anymore, Asahina-san and I went to Nagato's apartment and enlisted her help.
Which would mean... that they are here right now.
Two people who can save me are here!
On that Tanabata, we time-traveled here and arrived at about 9 pm.
After that, Asahina-san soon lost consciousness,
and in her place, an adult Asahina-san came from the future to give me instructions.
I could go to her apartment and see Nagato at any time, but I can't meet her before we're supposed to meet for the first time.
There they are!
What an enviable situation for that "me" to be in...
I'd really like to switch places with "myself" now.
But at that time, I didn't think there was another "me" here.
If I did that, it would create contradictions in the timeline.
Anyway, I'd rather not cause even more disruption to space-time.
Asahina-san?
Here she comes.
If memory serves me right, thereafter...
I knew it!
Asahina-san's adult version, enter!
Everything is as I recall.
After that, I went and met the middle school first-year Haruhi,
but that's not what I'm after.
Asahina-san!
Um...
I...
Good evening, Kyon-kun.
It's been a while since then, hasn't it?
I'm glad that we were able to meet up properly.
I wasn't sure that I hadn't made a careless mistake somewhere.
Asahina-san, you knew I would once again....
You knew that I would appear here and now?
Yes, because it's a predetermined occurrence.
On that Tanabata, the little Asahina-san brought me to the Tanabata of three years ago.
In other words, the one who told her to do it was you, right?
Yes.
It was necessary. If we hadn't, this "you" would not be here.
Um...
Could it be... the "John Smith" that Haruhi said called out to her on her way home is...
Yes, definitely.
It's you, Kyon-kun.
The current you.
It's my role to be your guide from here on,
but beyond that, you'll decide on your own.
I can only guide you.
What happened to the flow of time?
It's like it has become tangled and cloudy.
I can't explain it precisely.
Is it classified information?
No, that's not it.
I can't explain it in a way you'd understand.
Like when I first confessed my real identity to you, you didn't understand.
I'd only get you confused.
I see.
You'll understand sooner or later.
Nagato did say something similar at some point in time.
How the computers of the future are not like they are today... or something.
That's right.
This era's network-dependent computer systems exist formlessly in our heads.
The TPDD is also like that.
The time machine, right?
Time Plane Destroying Device.
Wasn't that classified information?
For the current me, the regulations are more relaxed.
I've worked quite hard to get this far.
So what is going on?
I understand that the future I was in has changed,
but from when and why did it change?
It'd be better if you hear the details from the Nagato-san in this time period.
But I'll tell you just one thing.
It seems the change in the time plane you came from happened three years from now, on the morning of December 18th.
Which means... I didn't come to a parallel world at all.
Instead, the world was changed.
That's right.
Well...
Listen.
This is the normal flow of time.
But on the morning of December 18 three years from now, the world will get changed to this.
Overnight, the STC data...
I mean, the world itself, changes.
It was a massive time-quake that could even be detected from the future.
We need Nagato-san's help to return it to the way it was before.
And Kyon-kun, without you...
Who was the one who did it?
Though, I don't think it could be anyone other than Haruhi...
No.
The culprit is not Suzumiya-san.
But... it's a person you know well.
It's not Haruhi?
Um, then-
We still have time, huh.
Shall we talk for a while?
Back then, Suzumiya-san spun me around so much I didn't know left from right.
She made me wear an assortment of outfits.
Yeah...
Lots of troubles were abound, but all of them are good memories.
Hey, Kyon-kun...
Yes?
Someday, you'll surely look back fondly on these high school days.
When it's all over, you'll feel it went by so fast,
so much like a dream.
And when you're thinking like that...
Asahina-san?
Did you say something?
It's about time.
Let's go.
To Nagato's apartment?
Before that... you've got something that you need to do, right?
Hey!
Take care of the John Smith who will overload the world with fun!
Make sure you remember, Haruhi...
...the name of John Smith.
Please don't forget... that I was here.
Kyon-kun, do me a favor.
Even now, I still feel a bit awkward around Nagato-san...
Well, I can understand that.
Nagato?
It's me.
Sorry, it's a little tricky to explain, but I've come from the future again.
The adult Asahina-san is also here.
We need your assistance.
Or rather, the one who sent me here was you.
Asahina-san and I should be there.
You've stopped time and they're sleeping in the guest room.
I'm going to the familiar room 708.
Anything is possible for Nagato.
She'll do something, even in situations like this.
If she can't, then it'll be really problematic.
Can we... come in?
Let's go.
Yes, I suppose.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Without a doubt, this is the Nagato I know.
There's no need for a personal introduction, I guess.
This person is Asahina Mikuru-san, adult version.
Understood.
Can I open it and have a look?
I mean...
Don't open it.
That room's structure has been frozen in time.
It was quite a convoluted story, but that's pretty much all for the explanation.
I was sent by the future you to this time.
U-Um...
I want to normalize this abnormal space-time.
The only one who can restore the altered time plane to its previous state is you.
I'm begging you...
I'll ask it of you too, Great Goddess Nagato!
That's my wish too!
Confirming.
Synchronization impossible.
I cannot access the future space-time continuum itself.
She has applied a system protection that selectively neutralizes my requests.
However, I understand the situation.
Revision is probable.
This space-time alteration was caused by Suzumiya Haruhi's ability to create data,
partially changing the composition data of the world.
As a result, no powers remain in the resultant Suzumiya Haruhi.
In that space-time, the Data Integration Thought Entity does not exist either.
The person who altered space-time stole Suzumiya Haruhi's powers and used them to alter past memory data between now
and around three years and five months into the future on December the 18th.
This occurred over a span of 365 days.
Just a second.
In other words, space-time outside of this range remains unchanged?
So, the you of three years ago on July 7th, the one right here, is the original you?
Correct.
To return the world to its original state, you need to go to December 18th,
Destroy the deviation in the space-time continuum here like this, then you may activate the restoration program.
You'll come too, right?
I cannot go.
Why?
I cannot leave them alone.
The "me" and Asahina-san that are frozen in time, huh...
Emergency mode.
Then, what are we supposed to do?
Harmonizing.
Inject the restoration program into the one responsible.
Isn't there a more gentle method to do it?
It'd be bad if I did it in the wrong place.
I see.
Yet another weapon...
The chance of penetrating clothing is high, but direct contact with skin is more desirable.
Ain't this a real gun?
It's a needle gun,
with the program installed into the needle itself.
Who do I use this on?
Who might the culprit be?
Who is the person who altered space-time and changed the world?
If it's not Haruhi, then who?
The culprit is-
Seriously?
Yes.
Is that really true?
Affirmative.
I will provide the target's space-time coordinates.
Okay.
Thank you.
Understood.
We have to go there and inject the restoration program into her, right?
In your current state, you will also be affected by changes to space-time.
I will apply the appropriate countermeasures.
Your hand.
A counter-intelligence screen and a protective field have been deployed around your body.
You too.
Uh... okay.
It's been a while since you did this for me.
I've troubled you a lot back then...
This is the first time for me.
Oh right... my mistake.
Kyon-kun,
let's go.
From now on, it's the real deal.
Thanks.
It doesn't really matter.
Nagato...
Are you...
...going to wait...
...in that clubroom?
I will.
Well, Kyon-kun.
You'll feel a bit time-sick, so be careful.
Well then, here we go.
We've arrived.
We're at the time and place indicated by Nagato-san.
As it happens, this is where Haruhi and Koizumi changed their clothes.
A coincidence... I think.
It's cold!
Thank you.
Sorry for the trouble...
This is a small price to pay.
We forgot to bring our shoes...
I wonder if Nagato-san will hold on to them for us?
I think it'll be fine.
I guess so.
It's about time.
Right now, it's December 18th, 4:18 am.
The world hasn't experienced alterations yet,
but it will change in around five minutes.
So right now, Haruhi and Koizumi are still North High students.
If I went home, I would be there sleeping peacefully, knowing nothing.
She's here.
The one who altered space-time,
the very person Nagato told us about.
We can't just charge in right away.
We have to wait until she changes the world... then inject her with the restoration program.
Amazing!
Such an immense timequake!
She has this much power...
The alteration has been completed.
She has just been born anew.
Kyon-kun, it's our turn now.
Yo.
It's me.
We meet again.
This was your handiwork, right?
Why are you... here?
Same to you, how come you're here?
...A walk.
That's not it.
That's not it, Nagato.
You've been worn out.
You've been run around at Haruhi's whim...
...protecting me, and probably doing secret tasks in places we can't know.
The fatigue must have built up...
The error data accumulating in my memory space will cause a bug that triggers abnormal behavior.
It is an inevitable phenomenon.
I will surely reconstruct the world on December 18th, three years from now.
No countermeasures to be taken due to incomprehensible error data.
I understand it.
What was the trigger for the anomalous behavior that Nagato herself cannot understand?
What was the error data that she's been accumulating?
It was an easy thing to learn.
Even for an AI or a robot that shouldn't move unless programmed to,
after enough time, it would develop patterns like that.
You don't understand, but I do.
And probably even Haruhi...
That, Nagato, is what we call "emotions".
For you, apathy is your foundation, so it changed you.
Every now and then, you must have wanted to cry or scream or yell "I don't care anymore!"
No, even if you didn't think that way, you should have.
We should have let you do that.
I am also to blame.
Next, pose like you're about to bounce up!
O-Okay...
Like this?
In my mind, I had a habit of relying on Nagato.
More, more!
Like this?
Yes, hold it!
I've always thought that I just have to sit down and rely on Nagato to do everything. What an ass.
I was even more of an idiot than Haruhi.
I don't have the right to blame others.
And as a result, Nagato... was driven mad to the point where she wanted to change the world.
Bug?
Error?
Unlikely.
That's not it at all.
This was Nagato's wish.
Nagato wished for a normal world like this.
It's been bothering me for a few days, but the answer to this question is now obvious.
Why was it that only I was left unchanged?
The answer is simple.
She entrusted the decision to me.
Is the altered one better?
Is the original world better?
I ran away from that.
Dammit...
What was I thinking?
What did I think of the incidents and many crazy circumstances Haruhi stirred up?
"This is boring."
"Give it a rest!"
"Are you an idiot?"
"I've had enough of you."
I was a simple guy who got involved in troublesome situations against his will.
A high school student struggling to meet Haruhi's unreasonable demands.
That should have been my stance.
Now then, "me".
Yes, you!
I ask myself.
This is an important question, so listen closely,
and then answer.
Get it?
So I ask you...
Didn't you think your extraordinary campus life was fun?
Answer, me.
Think about it.
Well?
Let's hear it.
Being run around in circles by Haruhi, being attacked by aliens,
hearing weird talk from time travelers, listening to more weird talk from espers,
running into countless extraordinary situations,
and incidentally, bound by the rules to keep it all secret from Haruhi,
keeping her from realizing that she is the architect of all this madness.
Didn't you think that was fun?
Did you think it was too much trouble and wanted to leave the company of this idiot?
Is that right?
So basically this is what I think:
It was completely uninteresting.
It was completely uninteresting.
Is that so?
Is that how it is?
You really think that Haruhi is annoying, and that everything which comes from her is depressing.
So don't you think any of that is interesting at all?
Don't tell me it's not true.
You know it is.
And yet,
you pressed the Enter key.
The emergency escape program.
The tool that Nagato left behind to fix things.
"Ready?"
You answered "yes" to that question.
Right?
Nagato-sama went to great pains to create a calm world for you, but you rejected it.
Why did you?
Aren't you always complaining?
Aren't you always lamenting your own misfortune?
If that's the case, wouldn't it have been all right to just ignore the emergency escape program?
In that world, Haruhi would just be a normal, self-important human,
Asahina-san would just be an idol-like moe character,
Koizumi would be an ordinary high school student,
and then Nagato would just be a quiet bookworm.
And yeah, she'd remain expressionless, but still laugh at lame jokes, then blush.
Then as time goes by, she'd open up bit by bit.
That's the kind of person she might become.
You've abandoned such a peaceful life.
Why so?
This is the last time.
Answer clearly.
Don't I find being with Haruhi and being dragged into her troubles fun?
Speak!
Of course I do!
Of course...
...it was fun!
Don't ask me...
...something as stupid as that!
If someone was asked whether or not it was interesting, and he answered it was not...
...then he'd be a real idiot.
30 times more senseless than Haruhi.
There are aliens, time travelers, and espers, you know?!
Any one would be enough, but we have them all!
To top it off, there's even a super-powered Haruhi, you know?
And there are even more mystery powers out there too!
There is no way this couldn't be interesting.
No matter how many times you ask me, my answer will not change.
"Of course."
That's the way it is.
After all, the other one is better.
This world just doesn't suit me.
I'm sorry, Nagato.
I like the Nagato I've known up till now more than you.
Also, you look better without glasses.
What are you saying?
Nagato.
Return it to normal.
Return yourself to normal.
If you ask me, I'll help you out.
You don't have to use that unneeded power to forcefully change things.
It was fine the way it was.
Kyon-kun...
No matter what you say, it won't help.
This Nagato-san has absolutely no power.
She's just...
...a normal girl.
I'm sorry.
Kyon-kun, look out!
I will not allow you to hurt Nagato-san.
What...
What is this...
It hurts...
It hurts!
It hurts!
It hurts!
It hurts!
It hurts!
Asakura-san...
That's right, Nagato-san.
I've come...
I'll destroy anything that threatens you.
That's the reason I am here.
After all...
...that was your wish...
...right?
It can't be.
There's no way Nagato would wish for this...
The anomalous Nagato...
She must have turned the resurrected Asakura into a psychopath.
That's all.
She must be Nagato's shadow...
Time for the finishing blow.
You must die.
You're troubling Nagato-san.
Does it hurt?
Relish the feeling,
because it'll be the last thing you ever feel in this life.
Why... are you...
Why...
I feel like I've seen this scene somewhere before.
Crap...
I'm fading...
Kyon-kun, no!
I'm sorry, Kyon-kun!
Hang in there!
I should have known...
Hang in there!
That hurts, Asahina-sans...
More than one?
Oh I see.
I am going into delirium.
It's cold.
My blood won't stop...
Crap.
I'm dying.
Sorry, I could have helped out, but decided not to.
Don't worry though, it hurt for me too.
Who is that?
I don't get him...
We'll deal with it from here on.
Just sleep now.
Ah... damn it...
Naga... to...
Somehow, I feel like I was just having an extremely fascinating dream.
Oh, you're finally awake?
That was quite a deep sleep.
I'd say "good morning", but it's already evening.
Good thing you've woken up.
I couldn't decide what I should do.
You're looking rather confused...
Do you know who I am?
Well, do you know who I am?
That's a strange thing to say.
Of course I do.
When is this?
And that's the first thing you ask somebody upon waking up?
That makes it sound almost like you're aware of your situation.
To answer your question, it's December 21st, 4 pm.
The 21st...
Where am I?
In a general hospital.
This is quite a fancy single room.
Someone my uncle knows is the Chairman of the Board here, so we got you special treatment...
...so the story goes.
...that's totally not true.
Indeed.
I asked the Agency to lend a hand.
You were unconscious for three days.
My superiors harshly reprimanded me for letting this happen on my watch.
I have to make a written apology.
Why am I here?
Was I really unconscious?
Don't you remember?
I suppose you wouldn't.
You took a horrific blow to the head, after all.
Oddly enough, no external injuries were found.
No neural dysfunctions were diagnosed too.
What did happen? Tell me.
You fell down the stairs at school.
It was quite a stunning fall, actually.
To tell you the truth, we all paled.
That incredible sound was as if you'd just died on the spot.
So I fell down the stairs at school on the 18th...
It was horrible.
We called for an ambulance, and you were brought here unconscious.
That's the first time I've seen Suzumiya-san go white like that.
The one who reached the ambulance was Nagato-san.
You were saved by her calmness.
How did Asahina-san react?
As you'd imagine.
She was crying and holding onto you, while calling out your name continuously.
Around what time on the 18th was this?
During afternoon.
The entire SOS Brigade was about to go shopping.
Shopping?
You don't even remember that?
As per Suzumiya-san's suggestion,
we're going to take part in a children's party around her neighborhood on the 25th of December, Christmas Day.
Doing as she pleases, as usual...
Suzumiya was supposed to go as Santa,
and you as a reindeer, which was determined by drawn lots.
Afterwards, we were supposed to go out to buy the materials needed for the reindeer costume.
As we exited the clubroom building and were descending the stairs,
you fell down bad as we reached the bottom.
That's a stupid story.
Suzumiya-san said she felt someone was at the top of the stairs.
She thought she'd caught a glimpse of the flutter of a skirt.
But by then, only we were left in the clubroom building.
It must have been a phantom girl.
We've been waiting for you to wake up and tell us whether or not you were really pushed.
I don't remember.
So apparently I was pushed by a phantom girl.
I see...
It sounds consistent, at least.
Are you here alone?
You've been looking around the room for a little while now.
Who specifically are you looking for?
We've been by your side in shifts,
so at least there'd be someone by your side when you wake up.
One more thing, your family has gone back to bring you a change of clothes.
What's with that look?
I feel a bit jealous of you.
You can call it "envy".
That's not something you should say to someone in this situation.
Us Brigade members have been here in shifts, but the Chief believed it was her duty to keep watch over the members...
She was always there, for the last three days.
We were worried,
me and her.
Especially Suzumiya-san, with that concerned look...
Hmm, we'll save that story for another time.
Anyway, isn't there something you need to do right away?
Like scribbling on her sleeping face?
I didn't think of that.
Shall we give it a try?
Yo.
Kyon, damn you!
If you're going to wake up, tell me and then wake up!
I've got to prepare for that, you know!
Haruhi.
What?
Wipe off the drool.
You didn't scribble on my face, did you?
Well I wanted to, but...
So, anything else you wanna say?
Seems like I made you worry.
I apologize.
I-If you understand, then it's fine.
Naturally, it's the Brigade Chief's duty to worry about her members.
Hello, Asahina-san.
How exaggerated...
He just hit his head and fainted.
I knew very well...
There's no way this Kyon wouldn't wake up.
The SOS Brigade runs all year, after all.
Of course, nobody is allowed to skip it.
I won't let you off just because you hit your head or went into a coma.
Do you understand?
Those three days of unapproved absence will cost you.
There'll be a fine, a fine!
And an overdue fee!
I get it.
How much will this overdue fee cost me?
Three days of treating all the Brigade members to tea.
And then...
And then?
You can dress up as a reindeer for the Christmas party and do a skit.
You'll keep doing this as many times as needed, until we're all laughing.
If it's boring, I'll kick you into a different dimension!
While you're at it, perform at the kids' party too.
Got it?
Waking up was good and all, but I couldn't be discharged immediately.
I had to stay another night at the hospital, and get them to run some tests on me.
After being contacted, my mother and sister came to see me, and have now returned home.
Once alone, I finally got some time to calm down and collect my thoughts.
If the world had not been restored, I wonder what would have happened...
Nagato, Asahina-san, and Koizumi would just be mere individuals.
Haruhi would be a slightly odd high school girl.
However, I've already given my answer.
I believe this world is fun.
If I hadn't, risking my nine lives would prove to be a waste.
"Sorry."
"I could have helped out, but decided not to."
"Don't worry though, it hurt for me too."
"We'll deal with it from here on."
"Just sleep now."
That's about right.
Yo.
Sorry, did you come looking for me?
Well, that couldn't be, right?
I take all the blame to myself.
You knew about this, right?
About how you'd recreate the world on December 18th.
Since April this year...
No, since three years ago, the whole time...
I knew.
So, why didn't you say anything?
You could've told me any time.
If you had, I would have done something within my power.
Supposing I had confided with you about this matter,
once I became aberrant, I would've deleted those memories from you and still altered the world.
Also, there is no guarantee that I did not, in fact, do that.
It was only possible for me to keep as much of your original form intact when December 18th arrived.
You left me the emergency escape program, didn't you?
That was enough.
Nagato...
I'm sorry.
Yuki...
My punishment is currently being discussed.
Discussed by whom?
The Data Integration Thought Entity.
That I will not develop aberrant behavior for a second time cannot be guaranteed.
While I continue to exist here, my internal errors will continue to accumulate.
That is extremely dangerous.
Tell them they're assholes!
Pass along this message to your boss:
If you disappear or leave, listen up-
I will make all hell break loose.
No matter what, I will bring you back.
I don't have any abilities, but I can at least stir up Haruhi.
I'm holding a trump card for that purpose.
I'd just tell her "I am John Smith."
Yeah, that's right.
I have about as much power as a sponge, but Haruhi is ludicrously powerful.
If Nagato disappeared, I will reveal everything to her and make her believe me, holding nothing back.
After that, we'd go on a Nagato-finding journey.
Even if the Data Integration Thought Entity hides Nagato somewhere, Haruhi would be able to do something about it.
I'd make her do it... and I'd bring Asahina-san and Koizumi into it too.
Nagato is our comrade.
If any of our comrades went missing, Haruhi wouldn't just leave it at that.
Suzumiya Haruhi is like that.
Selfish, egotistical, and simply inconsiderate of others,
our nuisance of a Brigade Chief.
I don't know how advanced these Data Integration Thought Entity people are.
Most likely, they are extremely intelligent beings or such.
They can perform advanced tricks as many times as they want, but we'll confront them, no matter what.
For that reason, I want to say to them:
They should have been able to give this Nagato more character.
The pre-psychopath Asakura was popular in class,
cheerful, sociable, and went shopping with her friends on her days off.
They were able to create that kind of person.
So, why then did they program Nagato as a lonely, gloomy girl who shuts herself in a room and just reads books?
Probably because she wouldn't look like a Lit. Club member if she weren't like that.
So she wouldn't attract Haruhi's eye?
Whose idea was that?!
If they've got a problem with that, I will recreate the world alongside Haruhi.
We'll create a world where you exist, but the Data Integration Thought Entity does not.
She could easily create that.
Even if we have to recreate the entire universe, we will get you back.
Tell that to your master.
I will.
Thank you.
Kyon-kun, it's morning. Wake up!
Get... up~
The following day...
I was discharged from the hospital.
Today is December 24th, the morning of the end-of-term ceremony.
Kouyouen Private Academy had returned to being a girls' school,
Taniguchi was back, minus catching a cold,
and Asahina-san and Tsuruya-san recognize me.
The world had gone back to the way it was.
Nevertheless, there was still a decision in my hands.
If I, Nagato, and Asahina-san don't go back to the past one more time, the world won't be finally restored.
But... I haven't decided when to do that.
Sooner or later, will the time come when I have to settle this once and for all?
I won't second-guess myself anymore.
I... chose this world.
That's different to Haruhi's usual unconscious gleeful rampages.
Of my own free will, I chose to play around like an idiot in this world.
Therefore, I need to take responsibility until the end.
Serves me right...
I'm no longer completely on my own.
The time when I thought that just observing was enough is a thing of the past.
I now stand alongside the rest of the SOS Brigade, actively defending the world.
Now, I'm going to attend the Christmas hot pot party sponsored by Haruhi.
Haruhi and Asahina-san finally went grocery shopping together.
I was supposed to carry the groceries, but was let off the hook while I recuperated.
Rather than being a consideration on Haruhi's part,
it's more likely that she wanted to keep the menu a secret...
...until the last minute, so she could take the lid off the pot and fill everyone with wonder.
Or something like that.
What'll she start this time?
This is Haruhi, so rather than wanting it to be a surprise,
she probably wants to create an experimental, disease-inducing hot pot never before seen in culinary history.
Good grief.
A sweet aroma wafts outside the clubroom,
so it seems like they've already started cooking.
What is this feeling of satisfaction?
Before long, trouble will ensue.
I have to return to the past once again and restore the world.
But heck.
I've still got time.
I can't leave it until the distant future, but I don't have to do it right now either.
Hey, world...
You can wait just a little longer, right?
You're okay staying on standby for a bit before I go restore you, right?
At least...
...if I try some of Haruhi's special hot pot first, it won't be too late yet, right?
Doki Fansubs
Translator: Arr-nii
TLC: Exhilem
Timer: masat
Editor: anon1
Typesetter: Holo
K-Timer: Pahndamonium
Encoder: Holo
QC: sm2345, Holo
http://dokifansubs.com/
#doki@irc.rizon.net
This is a free fansub. Not for sale, rent, or Ebay.
望むことは何?
What is your wish?
watashi ga toikakeru
わたしが問い掛ける
That is what I ask.
nani mo iranai uso de wa nakatta
なにもいらない 嘘ではなかった
I don't need anything; it wasn't a lie.
kieru sekai ni mo
消える世界にも
Even in a vanishing world,
watashi no basho ga aru
わたしの場所がある
there is a place for me.
sore o shiranai jibun de sae mo
それをしらない 自分でさえも
Even for me, who doesn't know that...
tojikometa ishiki wa
閉じ込めた意識は
...my locked up consciousness...
toki o musubi
時を結び
...bound by time...
negai o kurikaesu
願いを繰り返す
...repeating my wish.
mata au made wasurenaide
また会うまで 忘れないで
Until we meet again, don't forget me.
meguru hibi no naka
巡る日々の中
Through the surrounding days,
watashi ni nokoru no wa
わたしに残るのは
what's left for me...
kioku soretomo boukyakudarou ka
記憶それとも 忘却だろうか
...is a memory, or perhaps it's lost.
yagate sekai ni wa
やがて世界には
Before long, the world...
nemuri ga otozurete
眠りが訪れて
...is put to sleep.
hitorihitori no ashita ni kaeru
ひとりひとりの あしたに帰る
One by one, returning to their tomorrow.
eraba reta mirai o miokuru tobira
選ばれた未来を見送る扉
The gate that sees off the chosen future...
negai ga kanatte mo
願いが叶っても
Even if my wish comes true,
wasurenaide wasurenaide
忘れないで 忘れないで
don't forget me, don't forget me.
kieru sekai ni mo
消える世界にも
Even in a vanishing world,
watashi no basho ga aru
わたしの場所がある
there is a place for me.
sore o shiranai jibun de sae mo
それをしらない 自分でさえも
Even for me, who doesn't know that...
omoidasu made wa…
思い出すまでは…
...until I remember...
There you go!
Thank you!
Here.
Let's go!
Okay!
