Woman on the Moon
This movie was directed thanks to the collaboration of :
With The actors :
Author : Thea von Harbou
Direction : Fritz Lang
The actors :
professor Georg Manfeldt ... Klaus Pohl
Wolf Helius ... Willy Fritsch
The engineer Hans Windegger ... Gustav von Wangenheim
Friede Velten ... Gerda Maurus
Gustav ... Gustl Stark-Gstettenbaur
The man called Walter Turner ... Fritz Rasp
5 brains and some cheques :
Tilla Durieux, Hermann Vallentin
Max Zilzer, Mahmud Terja Bey,
Borwin Walth
The man at the microphon ....Karl Platen
The mouse Josephine
Artistic advisor : Prof Dr. Gustav Wolff, Karlsruhe
Joseph Danilowatz, Vienna
Scientific advisor : Prof Hermann Oberth, Mediasch
Chief-Operator :  Edouard Kubat
The novel "Frau im Mond" ok Thea von Harbou
was published by the  August Scherl Editions
"For the human spirit, there is no "never",
at the most a "not yet".
Dr Georg Manfeldt Professor of Astronomy.
"You should have let this bastard break his bones !"
For 30 years, i have lived like a dog to defend my ideas.
And this rascal come to speculate on my misery..
"He wants to buy my manuscript like a common curio !"
I'd like to have my dinner in your home, Professor.
"Would you like to share a little of bread with me?"
"I found this in my coat during you absence.
"Buy yourself some bread with this, Helius !"
"Spare me, Helius,
to have to accept this from my only friend..."
If you don't join me, Professor.
"I don't feel like this meal!"
Full or Scrooge?
The Pr.Mandfeldt's Conference about the wealth in gold on the Moon,
as part of the Worldwide Astronomy Congress,
provoked strong protestation, by his more than fancyful approach.
Thursday, the 17th of august 1896
Of the hypothesis of the presence of gold on the Moon
"I maintain after many years of comparative analysis,
"That the soil of the Moon countains more gold than the one of the Earth."
"One day will come when a spaceship will go to the Moon
" and will bring back its gold on Earth."
"Mockery, Gentlemen,
"is the argument of stupids in front of new ideas !"
"The progress won't stop
by the fault of a few ignorant scientists,
whose brain expresses only fossilized ideas !"
"Professor, I took my decision, I'll go..."
"But not without me, Helius, not without me !"
"Your ideas will finally prevail, professor..."
"Windegger come with us, of course."
"What, Windegger doesn't come ?
Your associate, your best friend ?"
Friede Velten, astronom
and Hans Windegger, aeronautical engineer
get engaged
Dear Friede !
My sincer congratulations to you and to Hans,
Forgive me not to be able to assist to your engagement, this evening.
Those flowers will represent me. Wolf Helius
"He still ignores my decision.
"Nobody knows, except you..."
"Believe me, Helius,
other peoples than us know your plan..."
"The guy I pushed down in the stairs
"is one of them !"
"Three nights earlier..."
Of the Hypothesis of the presence of Gold on the Moon
"You think somebody knows my project
"and he is interested for this reason in your theory...?"
"Don't be cross with me, Helius, it's the work of my life.
"Go back home. I will be quiet
"only when my manuscript is in your safe !"
Friede Welten and Hans Windegger get engaged
Dear Helius ! my delight is unequalled,
be the first to know that Friede agreed to marry me.
She was probably taken by surprise
but she said yes !
Come to our engagement, this evening, at Friede's home.
I'm happy like a full ! Windegger
"A posy of violets, Sir ?"
M. the engineer Wolf Helius, Bergstrasse 86, III.
To be deliver in person
"M.Helius is not here ..."
"Allow me to wait for him ...
"I come on behalf of M. Windegger..."
To be deliver in person
Dear Helius ! If you can, help this poor fellow
to find a job and earn his living.
He won't deceive you. Friendly, Windegger
"Run to the police station.
"Don't lose yourself with explainations.
"Come back here with an officer !"
"Damn, you must recall
"When you phoned !"
"Did you leave the flat?"
"Just a moment, when Gustav came for me...
"But the man sent by M.Windegger was here !"
Can I use your phone ?
"Mine doesn't work any more ..."
""After all, Miss, somebody should pick up the phone.
"No fewer than 6 persons are around !"
"I'm only a foreman
"but if you keep on working like this, Miss,
"You will be soon in charge of us !"
"I would have sent you somebody with a letter of introduction?"
"I beg you, Hans, Come to my flat ...
"I can't tell you by phone what it's about...
"But I beg you, come..."
"I wouldn't ask you to leave your engagement evening
"If it was not absolutely necessary ..."
"We come immediatly, Helius !"
"Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Turner..."
"If you fall down in the stairs, M.Turner,
"I won't even try to catch you..."
"Mr. Helius, the most clever thing,
"'till the coming of Miss Velten and M. Windegger,
"is to speak together..."
"I have a little request... tell your driver
it's not necessary to warn the police any more..."
"The police is already warned, M. Turner..."
"Just as a precaution, M. Helius, like this..."
"An other precaution, M.Turner ?"
"I understand now, M. Turner,
"Why you are not yet in jail !"
"What a flatterer you are, M. Helius !"
"Maybe can you reveal me
"where is the manuscript
"and the content of my safe ?"
"Five people among the wealthiest and the most erudite
"want to controle the stock of gold of the Earth."
"A document of a great interest, Ladies and Gentlemen..."
"To prove that the Moon is not unreachable,
"Helius sent there the experimental remote-controlled rocket H.32.
"Its blast was observed
"and photographed from the Earth !"
"Thanks to the talent of our representative,
"I can show you a lot of things
"that Helius has not yet revealed to the science !"
"The surface of the Moon filmed by the Rocket H.32
during its first voyage around the Moon
The remote controlled rocket H.32
and its recording and automatic shooting devices.
The reactor of the rocket
In the head
is the recording room with the shape of an egg
and its automatic devices.
The camera connected to a clock.
The long -focus lens
Plan of the route of the rocket H.32
Earth .... 384 000 km ... Moon
Gravitation field of the Earth
Gravitation field of the Moon
weightless area
Route of H.32
Speed to reach : 11 200 meters per second
First shots  of the Moon 36 hours after the launching.
Distance from the Moon : about 40 000 km
H.32 flies over the Erastothena Crater at about 1000 km
The astronom W.H.Pickering, observatory of Mandeville, Jamaïca
thinks he observed insects swarms.
The lens sees what none humain eye can see :
The dark side of the Moon
Some mysterious smooth surfaces of very great dimension.
Vegetation ? Mist ? Water ?
Professor Peter Andreas Hansen 's theory
seems to be confirmed. There would be an atmosphere
on the dark side of the Moon, trace of life even.
"Why should we lose more time?
'I hope, for my part, that the gold of the Moon,
"in the case it would really exist,
"will be manage by business men and not by unreliable persons.
At this moment, our representative reveals our intentions to M.Helius,
"in a very concrete way ..."
"You have only two possibilities, M.Helius
"Either you go on the Moon being in our service..."
"or you won't go..."
"If we can't find an agrement,
"5 mn after I leave, your yard and your rocket
"will be only... a heap of ruins..."
"What interest would you have in killing me, Mr. Helius?"
"An other escort would show less consideration !"
"You still not realize, Mr.Helius...
We prefer destroy all your plans,
rather than know you exclude us from it..."
"Tell your chiefs, M.Turner, that i have not the intention
"to establish a criminals settlement on the Moon..."
"Grant me 24 hours of reflection."
"Dear Helius ! Help this poor fellow
to find a job and earn his living.
He won't deceive you. Friendly, Windegger.
"Does this break-in really harm to your projects, Helius?
"Don't worry for the plans !
"The copies are in a secret drawer of my desk !"
"My dear Hans, if I were you, i wouldn't be so sure !"
"Why did you hide us, Helius
"that you wanted to undertake this trip to the Moon?"
"when we worked in the laboratory
"you often called me your good mate...
"Do you want to offend me, now?"
"I didn't want to lie to you, Friede.
"I just wanted to avoid Hans being torn
"between his love for you and his professional integrity !"
"Do you seriously believe, Helius
"that Hans could let you down?
"No, Helius, you won't go to the Moon without Windegger..."
"And without me, neither !"
"Did you forget, Friede,
"what happened to those who risked it before us?"
To the memory of Karl Petersen,
Heinrich V. Rahner, Olaf Tystendal et Bernard O'Connor,
the valorous pioneers lost in space
They lives and they died for a great cause
HONOR THEIR MEMORY
"Don't you understand, Friede?
"I couldn't bear to know you in danger.
"And, Almighty God, what a danger !"
"He decided to go to the Moon , Hans
"When do we leave? Who come with us...?"
"Ask friede..."
"Friede... you want to leave with me?
"In exactly 24 hours..."
"M.Helius, the 24 hours of reflection are exceeded of 61 mn..."
"The explosion is not important, M.Helius...
"It's just a way to emphasize my propositions..."
"The first warning will destroy a shed, only...
The second will cost some human lifes...
"The third will annihilate the rocket..."
"Don't compel me to use more radical measures.
"And between two evils, choose the lesser : me !"
"I give you my word, Mr.Helius,
that during  the hour after an agreement would be found,
"you will be given back all the equipment which was stolen"
"The Rocket "FRIEDE" is ready to take off..."
When the Moon will appear, the rocket will rise into space..."
"And if God wants it, 36 hours later,
"we will land on the dark side of the Moon..."
"the sirens resound in all the factories,
"in all the trains and all the ships of the world
"in honour of the pioneers of the spaceship..."
I must warn you, during this last hour...
"You, Manfeldt and you, M.Turner,
"Windegger is not concerned, and you, Friede...!"'
"Friede, for ther last time, I implore you..."
"Don't implore me, Helius!"l
"Do you want,Helius to humiliate the woman in me?
"All the eyes of the world are staring at us...
"All the ears of the world are listening to us..."
"Everybody at his post... we take off in 50 mn!"
"All the eyes of the world are staring at us...
"All the ears of the world are listening to us..."
The rocket reachs at this moment
its launching area...
"The rocket was to light to be standing upright,
"It's submerged in a basin
"in which it's floating verticaly..."
"From the launching and until the moment it reachs
"the necessary speed of 11 200m per second ..."
"...a fight will be given for the acceleration
"and against the feeling of death suffered by the human body
"when it exceeds the speed of 40 m per second."
"During 8 mn, we'll feel crushing loads
"weighing on us, as to bring us back to earth.
"We have to win this fight... otherwise..."
"If we can't stabilize the speed at 11 200...
"we will move away always more, at a vertigineous speed..."
"LOst in space for ever,
"with no hope of return..."
"The speed stabilizer, I take care of it, Windegger...!"
"60 seconds remaining !"
20 seconds, relax, breathe in deeply !"
"10 seconds !"
"6 seconds !"
"Now !
"Launching rocket off ! Maximum acceleration !"
"Wind-degger...release a stage...",
"Let's turn back !"
"Perhaps he is dead !"
"I think that Josephine need a cognac !"
"M.Turner seems more to need some !"
"Can't you see
"That somebody hides in the spacesuit ?"
"Will you finally tell me, you little rascal,
"how did you land up here ?"
"Since I was born,
"The Moon is a subject that fascinates me, M.Helius !"
"The vampyre of the Moon" The monster stuck his claws...
"The secret of the exterminator moonray"
"At odds with the mad cow from Space"
"Mingo is back on Earth"
"Our Earth...where is our Earth ?"
"On our Earth, the Sun rises
Logbook of the spaceship "FRIEDE"
The rocket move on to the dark side, in front of the Sun
so as to capture the heat
All is alright on board, at 227 000 km from the Earth
We move now without propulsion force.
We are in weightless conditions.
We are getting closer. We are at 9 000 km from the Moon.
For the previous reasons , we are back in gravity conditions.
We turn the rocket in the direction of the route
so as to be able to modify the speed at any time
and to avoid to crash on the Moon.
We are about to reach the dark side of the Moon
Earth is only like a vanishing star.
"We'll see it again, Hans, We'll see it again!"
"When will we land, finally?"
"If it remains to us a bit of good sense,
"we won't land !"
"Do you scare, you coward?"
"Tell him that he has not the right, in the name of his ambition,
to endanger our lifes...!"
"It's not the good moment for this kind of speech, Hans"
"Close all!"
"Maximum slowdown ! We are falling !"
"Hold on...!"
"the ignition surely won't repair alone !"
"The Moon is waiting...!"
"We first have to test the atmosphere".
"to know if we can breathe outside !"
"Do what you want !"
"All that interests me is go away from here !"
"Know, Friede, that when the rocket will be repaired,
"I"ll demand that we go back on Earth !"
"Nor Helius, neither Manfeldt couldn't prevent me !"
"You plan to act behind Helius' back?"
"And you, you plan to act behind my back?
"Now, Helius will have to condescend
to undertake the return immediatly !"
"But Helius is convinced that
that we will find a source !"
"Do you know what we are sure to find here ?
Death
"Professor, help me to test the atmosphere !"
For God's sake, you must not to open !
"If he opens and if there's no air,
"we are lost for ever !"
"He took the divining rod !"
"It seems that the rod leads him !"
Mingo would follow these tracks, Mr.Helius !"
"The most important is to look for water !
"I have enough to do
with the repairing !"
"Can I propose myself to find the professor ?"
"and find water ?"
The atmosphere is breathable. It's not tested yet.
Turner is after Manfeldt's track for 3 hours
and he is looking for water.
"Since when is Gustav your secretary ?"
"I can't stay here any more... i go and look for Manfeldt !
from Miss Friede ...so that you have something to eat !"
GOLD !
¨Professor !"
¨Professor, Professor !"
"Don't let him enter the rocket !"
"Do you have somebody on Earth
"to greet a last time from you
"If we come back ?
The bottles of oxygen were damaged by bullets !"
"What does it mean, Miss Friede ?"
Let's pray God that it will have no consequence !"
We lost more than half of the oxygen !"
"One of us won't be able to return on, Earth !"
"One of us must stay on the MOon !"
"Yes, Windegger, one of both of us !"
"Do you know what does it means, you ? To stay alone, here on the Moon."
Because you didn't want to listen to me !"
"The shorter, you lose, the longer, you win...
We must to draw thrice, ok?
"Come on, you !"
"Make up your mind !"
"It would be easier for you, Hans,
"If i'll stay on the MOon with you ?"
"I have an only wish : come back to Earth !"
"Let's drink to a good return journey for everyone of us..."
"To a good return journey for everyone of us, Hans !"
"The camp is ready, M.Helius !"
"Now, Gustav, you have to prove to me
"that I can count on you !"
"I stay one the Moon..."
It's you who'll take over the controls during the takeoff !"
"Do you want Mr.Windegger to die ?"
"And his fiancee, Miss Friede?"
"The violent shakes during the takeoff will wake them up.
"After, Mr.Windegger will take back the controls..."
Dear Hans, I know that you won't let me down.
I'll wait quietly and with complete confidence
that you come back for me. Greet Friede from me !
Helius
"See you soon !"
