Many centuries ago, in the southern most region of Indian sub-continent...
there flourished two powerful kingdoms, Kottaipattinam and Kalingapuri.
In their power-hungry struggle to attain supremacy...
these two kingdoms faced many bloodthirsty battlefields.
In this epic saga of courage, bravery and betrayal...
an treacherous incident unfolded...
Which not only stained the pages of history and froze in time.
After that fateful incident...
Rana! Listen to me, Brother. Stop. Stop, Rana
Father
"The Sun burns unselfishly"
"Hence everyone gets light"
"O warrior, you fight altruistically"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"O warrior"
"O warrior"
"You know your duty"
"O warrior"
"When victorious, don't feel proud"
"When you face defeat, don't let it stop you"
"This battlefield is your field of labor
"Keep it decorated"
"Never attack the innocent"
"Fight those who fights with you"
"Don't let your ego interfere"
"Fight righteously"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"If truth is what your identity is"
"Then a lie holds no power"
Falling into the cascading falls of Kottaipattinam...
crossing many days and nations...
The place where the young boy Rana landed, was Kalingapuri.
Becoming one among the orphan lads of that nation...
Rana with his cleverness managed himself a place in the..
..tough war training barracks of Kalingapuri
He transformed himself into an unvanquished, audacious...
..warrior par excellence...
and won many battles.
With time, the might of Rana's sword increased.
Your majesty...
The royal council has unanimously decided...
that only Rana is worthy of being the kingdom's commander-in-chief.
From a very early age, I have known Rana's talent very well.
I agree whole-heartedly that Rana should be made commander-in-chief of Kalingapuri.
Summon Rana!
"It's time to dream..."
"It's time to dream..."
"It's time to win"
"It's time to dream..."
"It's time to win"
"The blue sky invites you, touch it."
"You are a shinning star"
"We shall wake the dormant universe"
"The knell of victory will be played in the heart"
"Use your sword, to conquer "
"Use your fate to charm the nation"
"Courage, our wall, will help us establish dharma..."
"Like lightening speed, we'll reach the sky"
"If the forests stop us, we shall blow as a gale"
"If the obstructions stop us, we shall be winds"
"You're the future."
"Play the knell of victory, win over everyone"
"Being the reason of happiness, find a place in the heart"
"It's time to dream..."
"It's time to win"
"The blue sky invites you, touch it."
"You are a shinning star"
"This is your army, you are their commander"
"Tiger's eyes, rest is the chain."
"Chain.."
"You're the bravest of all."
"You're the future."
"If ego interferes, it will be defeated"
"Before love, we shall bow our head"
"The knell of victory will be played in the heart"
"Use your sword, to conquer. Use your fate to charm the nation "
"It's time to dream..."
"It's time to win"
"The blue sky invites you, touch it."
"You are a shinning star"
"We shall wake the dormant universe"
"The knell of victory will be played in the heart"
Come, Rana, Come.
From this day forward, I proclaim...
that Rana Ranvijay will take charge as the commander-in-chief of Kalingapuri.
I declare this with pride. -Thank you, your majesty.
Long live our commander-in-chief Rana!
My very own friend is my nation's commander-in-chief.
Do you know how happy I feel to utter these words?
I am sure you will eliminate the weakness of our nation
But do you know the true strength of our nation?
Come, I will show you.
Such a vast gold mine, right below the palace!
How is it, in all these years, I never saw any of this?
This place is known only to the most important royal officials.
Do you know Why I have never revealed it to you?
Because the nation more important Than friendship.
Stop there. Can't you hear me?
Make haste
Lazy! Make haste
A lot needs to be done. Come on
What are you doing? Make haste
All these men that you see are our prisoners of war....
The maximum number of slaves among them, belong to Kottaipattinam.
They are the main reason, our nation's economy prospers.
Food... They are serving food
Muthaiyaa - Vardha
Vardha, get up. Hurry up.
Where are they all running? -They are running to eat their food
Why should they run like this, for that?
We only provide them food once in a day. That is why.
For me!
For people who do all this hard labour, only one meal a day?
If we give slaves more than that, they will forget their duty.
I have an idea.
What if, we enlist all those slaves in our nation's army?
What are you blathering?
if we position those slaves in the frontline...
won't it lessen the life loss of our warriors?
When our army strength increases...
we can win over our enemies easily.
We can then append all their wealth to our nation's treasury...
our nation will prosper some more?
Then, this Kalingapuri will transform into a superpower, feared by one and all.
But, will slaves from an enemy nation fight for our nation?
For just one meal, they are running so desperately.
Provide them three meals a day and see for yourself.
I will secure permission from the king.
You go ahead and implement your plan. -Thank you
For winning over many, many small nations and making Kalingapuri, a superpower...
Rana Ranvijay, I laud you!
Long live Rana!
This royal medallion now belongs to you.
You have raised my throne to great heights, Rana.
What is the prize you seek? Ask away
Kottaipattinam
These minor conquests mean very less to us.
Conquering Kottaipattinam is what will bring glory to Kalingapuri.
Grant me permission to lead and accomplish this, your majesty.
Commander, have you really thought over this?
The reason our army is strong today is because of Kottaipattinam's slaves.
Why will they fight against their own nation?
Beg your pardon, crown prince...
It is not their nation anymore.
It is an enemy nation that abandoned them as slaves.
For a long time, they have been raging to live with their families.
Now their rage be quenched, only on winning over Kottaipattinam.
Not just for them...
for us too, your majesty.
Warriors, shall we defeat Kottaipattinam which has abandoned you as slaves?
We will defeat them! We will defeat Kottaipattinam!
So, shall we wage a war? -Let us wage a war!
Let us wage a war!
Let us capture Kottaipattinam!
Let us wage a war!
Minister, message from Kalingapuri's King Mahendra Raj.
Salutations to Ripudhaman, King of Kottaipattinam.
The auspicious day, we have been expecting for a long time, is about to arrive.
We announce proudly that we are ready to wage war on your nation.
Brave soldiers, who guard Kottaipattinam's honor!
Last month, although we won in the war against Shaktinagar...
but unfortunately...
we lost our great commander-in-chief, Ajit Varman.
Biding his time, thinking this is the opportune moment...
our arch enemy, Kalingapuri's King Mahendra Raj has waged war on our nation.
To teach him a lesson... to wage war against his nation...
as your leader... as Kottaipattinam's commander-in-chief...
I hereby instate the crown prince, my son, Udhaybhaan.
Rana
My friend
How many years it has been, my friend
He is my best friend
These are my people
Kottaipattinam is my motherland
You, who lived as slaves in Kalingapuri, all these years...
O warriors from Kottaipattinam!
come on, this side!
We have been waiting for many years, just for this.
We will all cooperate with your plan.
Brave soldiers from Kalingapuri...
I will never attack those who came trusting my leadership.
You are free to return the way we came.
Not as cowards...
Not with shame...
But as the proud lions, who liberated men, who have been enslaved for fifteen years...
walk back with heads held high, to your nation.
That we defeated Kalingapuri without a war...
seems like a dream -You are right, your majesty.
This country is indebted to that great warrior.
That brave warrior did it.
Your majesty, our prince has arrived with that brave warrior. - Delighted
Silence in the assembly!
'Another Kochadaiiyaan?'
He is that great warrior, father... Rana Ranvijay.
Salutations, your majesty.
'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay
Rana, you have rewritten history.
You have turned your father's betrayal into a sacrifice.
Father, political discussions can wait until later.
The whole nation is waiting to see Rana. Come, Rana.
Long live the great warrior!
Long live Prince Udhaybhaan!
Long live the great warrior!
Long live the prince!
The hero who made this joyful day, a reality...
'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay.
My Rana?
Will you always be with me, Rana? - Definitely, Vadhana.
It is in Rana's nature To never forget his past.
Our nation is forever indebted to him.
Long live, Rana Ranvijay! Long live 'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay!
Long live, Rana! Long live, Rana Ranvijay!
Saving our soldiers, who were suffering as slaves for many years in captivity...
and regaining more war horses than we had lost previously...
Rana has made our motherland proud.
Move aside. Give way.
Come, my dear. Come soon.
Rana, my nephew, little one... Look here.
He is looking... He has seen us.
He is so like Kochadaiiyaan. Just like him.
The pride of strengthening this nation...
belongs to Rana, who is to take charge as our army's new commander-in-chief.
Long live Rana! Long live my nephew!
Mother, bless me. - Brother - Brother
How are you, my son? - I'm fine mother.
It's time to rejoice. Everyone is meeting after such a long time
Look at him walk... Just like a king.
My nephew, the little one. How are you?
Brother - Look... It is your little sister, Yamuna!
He is your brother. Seek his blessings.
How are you, dear? -I am well.
I am so happy to see you two together
When you were young, didn't you two go missing together?
But, only you have returned. Where is your elder brother Dharma?
I do not know for sure, Where brother is, uncle.
It's okay, nephew
Just the way you arrived suddenly, I believe he too would come, some day.
Where is mother? -Because the family was ruined...
mother grieved herself... herself to..
Don't worry. Alls well that ends well
Not the end, uncle...
This is just the beginning.
'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay
Did he act as an orphan all these years, just to free those slaves?
We have been betrayed
We have been betrayed
Veera Bhadra...
He has made an enemy in me.
He has started a new war.
From now on, the war is just between Rana and me.
Why is the horse staggering? Did you give it fodder or drinks?
Ever since you came, it's only 'Vadhana'... Haven't you forgotten her at all?
Why are you so jealous?
Get up and come here, uncle.
Only if I get up, can I come there.
You would have eaten well, I am sure. -What?
When one enters, they ask, 'Have you eaten'?
She is asking if I have already eaten. Are you out of your mind!
I meant if you had had your drinks.
Just because it's good liquor it doesn't mean one drinks it all day long.
I had it for breakfast.
Why do you cry, uncle?
Sorrow leaves you brokenhearted
The problem is that it is broken.
What? -The statue, of course.
They wanted me to make a statue of a warrior exactly like you.
I completed it too.
But it is broken now.
Who broke it?
It must be he, who has broken it, in drunken daze.
No. -Leave it, uncle. Do it again.
Now? How can it be done immediately?
Why should it be done immediately?
They will arrive anytime now.
They will beat me up, for sure if they don't get the statue!
Who ordered the statue?
Princess herself. -Vadhana Devi?
Yes. I have even taken an advance. That's why I am in trouble.
If you come to my studio for half hour... No, no... two hours? Then my job will be done.
What work do I have there?
No work at all. If you just come and stand quietly and not move.
Just like a statue.
Why don't you return the advance?
Only if I have, I can return it, right?
You may be willing to lead me some money. But she won't accept it.
For your beloved but poor maternal uncle's sake if you come by for a while...
What is wrong will it do to you? -That is not possible.
Don't you care about my well being?
When have you ever been well, uncle?
Alright. Forget it. There is only one way for me to save myself. -What is that?
Suicide.
Go ahead bravely, uncle. Come what may, I am there for you.
To do what? Light my funeral pyre?
Take care. Don't make it too hot.
Someone stop me.
Stop here.
Welcome, Princess. Your arrival is making my stomach..
No, it's adding grace to this place. Welcome.
I came here to see the brave warrior's statue.
My guard said it was ready.
It is ready. It is absolutely ready.
But, look at this one first
Where is my warrior's statue?
It is right there... It was right there.
Beautiful. -Beautiful? What is beautiful?
How is it beautiful? What is she talking about?
Nephew -Nephew?
Isn't Rana my nephew?
I sculpted a statue thinking about him...
That's why I exclaimed 'nephew'
The brave warrior I saw yesterday...
how could you bring him before my eyes today?
I called and he came. -What?
My skill, your highness.
It is so realistic, just like looking at him in person.
Thank you so much, princess. You praise me too much.
But, this part looks a little small. Does it not?
Which part?
Oh... It looks fine now.
I think... you might not have seen properly then.
Shambumitra -Yes. Tell me.
You have made a mistake.
I wouldn't have done it knowingly. What is it?
Does his stomach look like this?
He had food, just now. - What? - I mean... I had food, just now.
Not for you. - For him.
Do you understand? Let's change it, then.
Hey, how did it rectify?
It got rectified. Whatever you want changed...
all that will change, on its own.
Oh... is that so?
Alright. I will go near and inspect.
Hold your breath
The paint is fresh, that's why I asked you to...
asked you to hold your breath.
Shoulders that spread wide...
Obviously. How many burdens it has to bear!
The smooth cheeks... seems perfect for me to kiss.
Go on, kiss him.
"Interested..."
"Interested..."
"In you..."
"I am"
"Interested..."
"Interested..."
"In you..."
"I am"
"Whether I should say this or not?"
"My hearts wants to belong to you"
"I have no control over my emotions anymore"
"Interested..."
"Interested..."
"Why are you..."
"In me"
"A desire to love"
"I don't have time to love at the moment"
"You know there are many things greater and better than love"
"The heart blossoms"
"My eyes speak another language"
"look...look into my eyes"
"I don't have time at the moment"
"I have to worry about the future"
"With you, the hues of love"
"Kindles desire, sets me ablaze"
"Resounds through my body. Tell me how you feel, my love"
"With you, the hues of love"
"Kindles desire, sets me ablaze"
"Resounds through my body. Tell me how you feel, my love"
"To you"
"I belong"
"My world... you are my world"
"You are where I am. I am where you are"
"Such words won't affect me, my lady"
"How can I love? I have responsibilities to fulfill"
"O my beloved"
"Don't say that"
"With you, the hues of love"
"Kindles desire, sets me ablaze"
"Resounds through my body. Tell me how you feel, my love"
"A desire to love"
"I don't have time to love at the moment"
"You know there are many things greater..."
" and better than love"
"Look...look into my eyes"
"My eyes speak another language"
"Look...look into my eyes. What do you see?"
"Interested..."
"Interested..."
"In you..."
"I am"
"Interested..."
"Interested..."
"Why are you..."
"In me"
Please do not mistake my words.
But you are from the royal family.
We are mere subjects, who work for you.
You wishing to make an alliance with our family is wrong.
And I... Wait...
Rana. When did you get here?
We know not, when you will come or how you will come.
The thing is... the prince wanted a tour of the studio...
Here, in the backyard? - Yes, I wanted to show him a statue...
Do not talk in circles, uncle. Tell me the truth.
No. It is nothing. I bid farewell. - Rana
I will tell you the truth.
Your sister and I...
have been in love, for a very long time now.
We both have decided to get married.
But, it is your maternal uncle who has been objecting to it.
No. Not me.
I agree to the marriage. But, the king must agree, right?
Why would he not agree?
A prince is expected to marry into a king's family with royal lineage...
or at least within the nobility, is it not?
Uncle, once two hearts have come together, all that is not necessary.
But it is necessary for marriage... the king would say.
Love, it is love, uncle. - What...
It comes by looking into one's eyes. Not, by looking at one's family.
It comes by looking at one's inner beauty. Not, looking at one's abode.
It blooms by each other's fragrance. Not, by looking at one's lineage.
Yes, of course. It is true.
These days, even statues seem to be falling in love.
You have my support for your love.
Thanks, Rana -Why thank me?
True. Why thank us?
We are going to give one and get another.
What is he saying?
He is blathering. He must be drunk.
No, I am not. Now that you have reminded me...
Rana, I'm happy to have got your blessing.
But, just as your uncle said...
my worry is only about whether my father would agree to this.
I bid farewell.
Yamuna?
Are you bidding him farewell with your eyes?
No, brother.
I am not bidding farewell.
Just as he was saying, what if the king does not accept...?
I'm pleased with the renovation's progress.
Very good. Let us go in.
Rana, about what happened yesterday...
Leave that, my friend. I will take care of that.
For some time now, I have wanted to tell you something...
I do not know why...
but I suspect that our king has enemies within the state.
Now and then, we have received threats too.
I worry for my father's life, Rana
It is only you who...
Do not worry, my friend.
As long as I am there, no one can dare to kill the king.
But, still... I think it is better to strengthen the king's security.
Rightly said. I will pass the order right away.
Deva Devan -Tell me, your highness.
Follow me. - As you command.
Your majesty...
shall we go up to the terrace? -Let us.
The beauty of Kottaipattinam overwhelms me.
The boundaries of Kottaipattinam must extend even beyond the horizon.
Father
Udhaybhaan
Your majesty...? - I am fine.
Rana...
I do not know how to thank you.
Wait a moment, man. Is the front door nearby?
It is almost in the next street. I need to get there. Then, open
I have opened.
Oh my God! - What is it, uncle?
The king at this humble subject's home...?
If you had sent word, I would have come myself. Welcome. Please come in.
Why are you honoring me, your highness?
You have saved the nation's king and the crown prince...
without heeding your own life
Hence to show our gratitude, a small gift from our side.
Take it inside.
Please wait a moment.
Your majesty... -Hmm
I just did my duty.
It seems like you are dishonoring me by giving me, all this in return.
If what I offer is not what you need... you may ask me whatever you desire.
I am prepared to grant it.
You may ask whatever you want.
It is the prince, I want.
I want him to come as the son-in-law of our family.
I want him to come as the husband of my sister, Yamuna.
Your majesty, they both are in love with each other.
I ask this of you, knowing that.
Beg your pardon, your majesty.
I am in love with Yamuna.
Will Yamuna Devi gets married to the prince, will she become a princess?
What will the king do now?
Let us see what happens.
Come here.
Rana, you do know what, how, where and to whom, something must be asked.
You are very clever.
But, the king of Kottaipattinam will never go back on his word.
I agree to this marriage.
The king agreed?
Yamuna is very fortunate
Rana is very clever
"We will share our joys and sorrows"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"I will never leave you"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"You are my joy. You are my happiness..."
"You are the one I worship. You are my life"
"I will never make you cry"
"I will never let happiness abandon us"
"We will be each other's shadow"
"We will take a new form and hue everyday"
"We will look for new ways to love everyday"
"Our lives will be full of song. And our songs will reflect our hopes"
"We will share our joys and sorrows"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"I will never leave you"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"I shall cross all limits for love"
"I will do anything for you"
"You are my companion. You are my mate"
"In your absence, my life lacked something"
"You are my sky. You are my ground"
"I will bring a shine in your eyes and take away the tears"
"Now I shall never be able to stay away from you"
"You can make me promise anything and everything now"
"We will share our joys and sorrows"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"I will never leave you"
"A promise... This is a promise"
"You are my joy. You are my happiness..."
"You are the one I worship. You are my life"
"You are the one I worship. You are my life"
As a father, I have fulfilled my duty.
But, as the king of this nation...
seated on this throne, I have a duty, yet to perform.
As he married into, neither a royal family nor a royal lineage...
from this day forward, Prince Udhaybhaann is no more the crown prince.
Moreover, I declare that he has lost his right to rule Kottaipattinam after me...
Although you have lost the right to rule this nation...
as you are my son, you have not lost the right to live in this palace.
Thank you, father
I do not need your nation.
Her company shall suffice
When I do not have the right to rule...
What is the need for these riches alone?
Bid me farewell.
Yamuna dear!
Yamuna
Yamuna
What is this, your highness?
How long are you going to sit here like this?
I do not know, Maithli.
Should I feel sad that my brother has left this palace?
Or, happy that my father might accept my love too...
just like he accepted my brother's love?
I don't know...
But, your highness...
for marrying Rana's sister, who was not born in a royal family...
the king has banished the prince.
What if he banishes you too?
My father will never banish me.
So what if he does that too?
I will still be with Rana.
It was a decision taken long ago. No one can change it anymore.
Summon Vadhana!
Hey, who are you?
Who is he? Capture him
Search the entire palace for him.
Who are you?
Catch him.
Don't let him go.
You?
You are the one who came to kill me?
Why?
When the explanation and the conclusion is as clear as mirror...
why do I need to give more justification to you?
Whatever the rescuer of soldiers wishes for, it shall be granted.
Should I trust you...
For treason... He has committed such a crime...
Hence... Kochadaiiyaan...
Imprison Rana
You cannot escape, Ripudhaman
You can escape death but not Rana
You have performed all the rituals. Now tell me.
What does my horoscope say?
Your majesty, as per your horoscope...
it is a critical period for you but there won't be any danger to your life.
But according to your daughter's horoscope, your life could be in danger.
What? Is there some remedy to avert it?
Before the end of this month...
if you find a prince from a royal dynasty, born in the Ashtam star...
and get her married to him...
your life may be spared.
Is that all?
Deva Devan -Your majesty
Look for probable matches in horoscopes...
of princes, belonging to royal dynasties and equivalent in status to us.
Find a match that is amicable and desirable to our dynasty's honor
As you wish, your majesty
But with Rana in her heart, how will she marry someone else...?
What are you blabbering?
After knowing that he tried to murder her father...
will she still be thinking about him?
"I burn, my beloved..."
"Sorrows keep me warm"
"I cannot bear the heat..."
"My body aches, in love I suffer "
"I cannot express my sufferings..."
"My sorrows might take..."
"my life"
"Like this"
"Like this"
"There are always tears in my eyes"
"What is this sudden change in my eyes?"
"My sorrows might take..."
"my life"
"Like this"
"Like this"
"The wet kohl on my eyelids"
"We're the pouring clouds."
"Don't fear us."
"It's the frequent visitor.."
"..of the world of love."
"We're the pouring clouds."
"Don't fear us. - O Rana."
"O Rana"
"Don't cry. Your tears drown my courage"
"My sorrows might take..."
"my life"
"Like this"
"Like this"
"The wet kohl on my eyelids"
"What is this sudden change in my eyes?"
"Love is like a spring.."
"We're like the water waves."
"We'll meet one day."
"No matter how much one puts restrictions."
"Love is like a spring.."
"Mix in, blend into each other." - "We're like the water waves."
"Come, live with me."
"Come, live with me."
"Now, you are my life."
"You are my death."
All of you, leave
As you wish, your highness. Come on
Open the door.
Rana
Why?
Why, Rana?
Why did you come there to kill my father?
It is not wrong...
It is not wrong to tell you.
All those feelings of revenge, locked in my heart for years now...
It is not wrong to share this with you, who is going to live your life with me.
Kochadaiiyaan, my beloved father
True to his name, a great warrior having wild and flowing hair...
he lived in the hearts of people, liked more than the king...
The beloved commander-in-chief
A humane person and a brave warrior.
He was a staunch devotee of Lord Shiva.
On every holy night of Lord Shiva...
with his mane of long hair and a body shimmering like coral...
almost like an incarnation of Lord Shiva, he would dance in ecstasy.
To witness this mesmerising vision, the entire nation would gather around.
"Thou, the blossom; Thou, the gentle breeze "
"Thou, the prayers; Thou, the hymns"
"Thou, the flourishing spring; Thou, the lotus flower on a lake"
"My Lord, I surrender at thy feet"
"My Lord, I surrender at thy feet"
"Life shall be free of death"
"Kochadaiiyaan... Our Kochadaiiyaan!"
"Kochadaiiyaan!"
"One who resembles truth- Kochadaiiyaan"
"Kochadaiiyaan... Our Kochadaiiyaan!"
"One to whom strength belongs- Kochadaiiyaan"
"One whose name will be uttered beyond his time- Kochadaiiyaan"
"Kochadaiiyaan... Our Kochadaiiyaan!"
"Hail Lord Shiva, God of the Gods!"
Like how his dancing skill embodied his devotion to Lord Shiva...
his war skill embodied his true devotion to his nation.
Due to his courage and strength, the boundaries of Kottaipattinam expanded.
"Kochadaiiyaan... Our Kochadaiiyaan!"
The respect he got came from the heart...
That is how much the subjects of his nation loved him
Long live the king!
Long live the king of Kottaipattinam Ripudhaman!
Long live Kochadaiiyaan!
The king who used Kochadaiiyaan to fulfill his desires...
was jealous of the way Kochadaiiyaan ruled people's hearts.
He was so kind that...
his words were the rule even in the royal assembly.
All the important decisions of the court were the ones that Kochadaiiyaan took.
He who hadn't paid his taxes for years together...
has started paying it, now that Kochadaiiyaan is in charge.
Isn't Kottaipattinam totally dependent on Kochadaiiyaan?
You have paid more taxes than usual. Congratulations
The credit only goes to Kochadaiiyaan, your majesty.
I am surprised. Even you have decided to pay your tax?
Fearing the wrath of Kochadaiiyaan,
we are forced to pay taxes properly, your majesty.
Kochadaiiyaan!
Everywhere and in everything, it is Kochadaiiyaan
Your majesty, this Kochadaiiyaan... I will...
Those in power must be patient.
They should wait for the right opportunity.
Kochadaiiyaan will give us an opportunity.
The commander-in-chief of Kottaipattinam, my father..
.. Kochadaiiyaan was returning to his motherland, with his army...
Purchasing horses and weapons from Persia to further strengthen Kottaipattinam
That night...
Kochadaiiyaan's fleet has arrived. Get ready
Hail Lord Shiva, God of the Gods!
Tell me the reason why Kalingapuri's warriors become sea pirates!
To steal the warhorses and weapons you bought in Persia...
in order to strengthen our forces...
was the order from Kalingapuri's king.
To encounter enemies face-to-face in the battlefield...
and to defeat them is the ethics of war craft.
To steal ones enemy's weapons and strengthen one's army...
is an act of cowardice.
Go and tell your king that these were the words of Kochadaiiyaan!
Commander...
You should have killed the enemy. Why did you spare their lives
To destroy an enemy...
there are many ways"
The first is...
forgiveness
Change is necessary
The one who changes with times, survives
"Welcome, from the bottom of my heart"
"You are the one who solves all problems"
"Welcome, from the bottom of my heart"
"Change shall come because of you"
"You lead with love and, this nation shall follow you"
"You win and yet bring all the traditions along..."
"One needs to change the way they think to bring about change"
"And you are the one who shall guide our thoughts"
"Say something, once again, reveal the secrets"
"Be patient"
"You can even gather water in a sieve, if you wait patiently until it becomes ice"
"Happiness may be rented with money, but it cannot be bought"
"More than the enmity of an enemy A friend's enmity is perilous"
"Rise before the sun. You will even win over the sun"
"Does 'you' refer to a body, a life, a name?"
"Not any of the three, your action"
"As much as you believe in God"
"We believe in you just the same"
"The one above, smiles"
"He does whatever he wants to do"
"One needs to change the way they think to bring about change"
"And you are the one who shall guide our thoughts"
"Say something, once again, reveal the secrets"
'You may go', says the master"
"'Come, let us go', says the leader"
"Are you a master or a leader?"
"If you take to running, sorrow will come chasing"
"Face it bravely, the chasing sorrow will take to its heels"
"Control your anger"
"The one who rises with anger, falls down with failure"
"My friend, everything is but for a short while"
"In few words you share your thoughts"
"You tell us what helps and guides day and night"
"One needs to change the way they think to bring about change"
"And you are the one who shall guide our thoughts"
"Say something, once again, reveal the secrets"
Commander...
Commander...
I was swimming in the sea of joy... with my family.
Tired after chasing the soldiers from Kalingapuri...
All the soldiers have had their food and slept.
As you have not yet had your food, the men in your ship haven't had it either.
I have never let even my wife to wait for me.
Then should you all wait for me?
Devotion and respect should be felt in the heart.
Why bring it to the stomach?
I feel faint.
My throat hurts.
I want to vomit.
What is happening to our soldiers?
Anchor all the ships immediately.
Healer... what is happening?
Commander, Kalingapuri's soldiers have mixed poison in our food.
Betrayal... They have played with our lives.
Healer, we do have antidotes, don't we?
It is there. But, not enough for everyone.
Only a few can be saved. -Where can we find more?
To find those antidote herbs, we have to go towards land.
If we don't administer the antidote within a few hours...
they all will die.
Where is the nearest land located?
The only land area nearby is Kalingapuri. We can reach by dawn.
Turn all the ships and head towards Kalingapuri.
Commander, how can we ask help to those who tried to kill us?
To me, my people's lives are paramount.
Your majesty...
Kochadaiiyaan is sailing towards us with his army.
Welcome, O protector of Kottaipattinam's prestige
Commander-in-chief, the great Kochadaiiyaan
Welcome. -We do not need your welcome.
Know the reason why we are here.
I know. You have come begging for refuge to your enemy nation.
You have come here to beg.
We have not come seeking refuge.
We are here to give you a chance.
What could that be?
For the treacherous sin of mixing poison in our food...
to redeem yourselves, we are here to give you a chance.
What we did was not treachery.
It is an act of smart statecraft for the sake of my nation.
Trying to kill our soldiers with poison is not statecraft.
It's an act of cowardice
I wonder how you escaped!
That is the act of the God who created me.
No one can supersede the almighty
Not even the Lord of Death...
Not just in the war of swords, you seem to be a master with words too.
I knew that you would come here for the sake of saving your men.
Give my men the antidotes they need...
and prove yourself to be a worthy king to your subjects
But, we need something in exchange.
All those soldiers who came with you and the ones who are to be saved here...
all those soldiers and your warhorses...
everything must belong to our nation. Tell me, do you accept the terms
Someone call the healer.
Who will save our lives?
My stomach hurts.
I need medicine.
I need medicine.
When will he come back?
We sent them, trusting in you.
How can we live without them? - We have no one left.
Commander, my child...
Mahendra Raj...
this Kochadaiiyaan was born to protect his nation and his people.
As you wish... I will leave all my soldiers right here.
But, on one condition.
What is your condition?
You must accept all my men, not as slaves but as warriors.
I promise.
But, do not think this is permanent.
I leave with the belief that I will rescue them from here, someday.
Farewell.
Commander, do not leave us here and go.
Even if we lose our lives, we will not lose you.
Your majesty, why not kill Kochadaiiyaan here?
Fool
He is not a lone man. He is a kingdom.
Commander, do not go
Where are the soldiers?
Commander is coming alone. - What happened?
Where are the soldiers? - I don't know. -Something is not right
Soldiers, today, immediately, at once, gather all the forces.
We need to wage war against Kalingapuri, tomorrow.
My people...
All the soldiers, who came with me, are well.
They are awaiting the day of their return.
Do not worry.
The are the special soldiers of the palace coming this way?
It must be something important
Commander...
The king has ordered for your arrest and has summoned you.
Why is Kochadaiyaan being arrested?
What has Kochadaiyaan done wrong? - I don't know either
I cannot believe it
Hey Dharma, come
Rana, wait
Dharma, come soon.
Dharma
Salutations, your majesty.
As you wish, your majesty
Kochadaiiyaan, the former commander-in-chief of Kottaipattinam...
you have committed many crimes.
The first crime:
You have lost thousands of our brave soldiers.
Hence, you are considered a war criminal.
The second crime:
You have given up the Persian warhorses that were bought with a lot of money.
Hence, you are considered a political criminal.
The third crime:
As you have voluntarily given up the above to our long-standing arch enemy...
and strengthened their nation...
you are considered a traitor.
Commander-in-chief Kochadaiiyaan...
for the crimes you have been accused of, what do you have to say?
When the explanation and the conclusion is as clear as mirror...
why do I need to give more justification?
Does that mean you agree to your crimes?
I'm awaiting my judgement.
You are talking without fearing for your life.
Because I feared for the lives of my soldiers...
I have had to speak this way.
Do not mistake me.
The investigation ends
As the highest of crimes...
as Kochadaiiyaan has committed the crime of treason...
in this public assembly, I sentence him to death.
I accept your death sentence with all my heart.
But before that...
give me a last chance.
For what?
To gather our forces and to rescue the soldiers and warhorses I left behind.
I am not a fool to trust you and lose these soldiers too.
I lost the trust I had in you.
Tomorrow will be the day of your death sentence.
Do not worry, Gaargi.
Father
Dharma
Our family has protected this nation and its king for generations.
Following in that tradition...
after me, it is your duty to protect your nation and the king.
Your wish is my life's responsibility, father.
Most importantly...
my soldiers are waiting in Kalingapuri...
with the belief that I will rescue them someday.
Your first duty is to rescue them.
Dear Yamuna, look at your father's face for the last time.
Brother-in-law, leaving everyone...
Our army is fighting for their lives behind enemy lines
Move away. Allow me to pass
No permission for children to enter.
Kochadaiiyaan's children Please let us in.
Come, Rana and Dharma.
King of Kottaipattinam...
before your command can be fulfilled...
explain to this assembly of people, what is the crime that my husband committed
Then, fulfill your sentence.
He committed a crime ...
An act of treason.
Treason, it seems. Did you hear it, my people?
To save the lives of this nation is an act of treason.
For leaving those soldiers alive in Kalingapuri...
a death sentence for him.
If that is so...
the happiness of the kith and kin of those soldiers is treason
What Gaargi is saying is right. -It is not his fault
If a man rescues those soldiers, some day tomorrow...
will you accept those soldiers?
Definitely.
Those soldiers are the wealth of this nation.
If you need to accept those soldiers...
they have to stay alive for that, should they not?
Isn't that what my husband did?
Is that a crime?
She is right. - The king must answer Gaargi's question.
Today, that is considered a crime.
Let someone rescue them tomorrow Then, we will see.
If they are rescued...
will my husband come back to life?
Or... will you bring my husband back from the dead?
Whatever the rescuer wishes for, it shall be granted.
What if he asks for your life? - Long live Kochadaiiyaan
How dare you disrespect the king?
Take her away.
Let go of me or kill me, along with him.
Long live Kochadaiiyaan!
Long live Kochadaiiyaan!
"The Sun burns unselfishly"
"Hence everyone gets light"
"O warrior, you fight altruistically"
"To keep our motherland safe"
Father, where are you going?
To God
I will also come with you.
He has sent word only for me. -When will He call me?
He will call everyone, someday...
as each one's fate dictates.
You have a lot to live and achieve.
Have you achieved it all, father?
He has called me, before I could.
Do not worry, father. I will achieve what you couldn't.
Thank you, my child
Father
Father
Ask them to leave me!
Father, Father
Ask them to leave me, your majesty!
Take care, father.
The mad rage to not stop till I had avenged my father's death...
was instilled in me, very young.
But, to rescue Kottaipattinam's soldiers, was my father's last wish.
It was my first duty...
For that I had to go to Kalingapuri.
Rana
You plan on taking my daughter away from me?
You are daydreaming.
I don't daydream. Daydreams don't come true.
From now on, you can never dream.
Necessary only if I happen to sleep.
I stay awake every single moment... only to take revenge on you.
Are you going to take revenge on me?
Do not even think that you can escape from this place.
I am thinking of how you escaped death twice.
First time, when I tried to kill you...
unfortunately my sister's husband, that is, your son...
jumped with you and so, you were saved.
The next time, at the wrong moment, my love, your daughter...
came to your room and saved you.
No more opportunities will come your way.
Your beloved majesty...
opportunities do not come our way. It is up to us to create them.
So that another person like you should never dare to defy me...
At dawn tomorrow...
in the midst of the people, you will be sentenced to death.
In the midst of people, a death sentence for me?
If those same people wish so...
they can impose a death sentence to that death itself.
Rana
Not just in form... even deep in your heart you are the same Kochadaiiyaan
It is his blood in my veins...
That is how it will be!
"Rana"
"Rana"
"Rana"
"Rana"
Men are not needed to guard him anymore.
Replace them with wild beasts!
Be careful with the sword
We need to win tomorrow
Your majesty, the spies have informed that...
Kalingapuri's forces crossed our border, to wage war on us.
Prepare all our forces immediately.
Forgive us, commander
We will not fight without Rana
Without the hero who secured our lives, we will not step into the battlefield.
Without a wise leader, we will only walk to our own doom.
They are refusing to fight?
The reason?
The majority of our army...
consists of slaves rescued by Rana, their relatives and friends .
That is why their loyalties lie with Rana.
So, without 'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay, we do not have a nation, is it?
If the nation is in danger...
Kochadaiiyaan's family would come and fight.
It is in Rana's flash of the sword, the breath of this nation resides.
Please release Rana, your majesty.
Are you asking the king to release the man who came to kill him?
Rana has escaped from the prison, your majesty.
What?
No matter where he hides, Rana has to be caught immediately.
We will discuss about war preparations later.
But first... Rana!
As you command, your majesty.
By getting angry, we cannot get what we want, your majesty.
Shall I give you a suggestion?
Do you remember what the astrologer said about your daughter's horoscope?
If we are to avoid the impending war on Kottaipattinam...
you should do as I say.
Why? Why the sudden talks of negotiation?
Has Ripudhaman gotten scared seeing our magnificent forces?
He is more scared of internal issues than he is, of you.
That is why, wanting to negotiate peace...
How? What does he offer?
How much land? How much wealth?
He does not desire to negotiate with land and money.
He wishes to offer his only daughter to your son and strike a marriage alliance.
So, you say, in the name of an alliance, he wants to surrender.
You may call it, however you want.
Veera Bhadra...
what is your decision?
If they will hand over Rana Ranvijay to me...
I will agree to anything and everything.
Another important condition.
The wedding should take place at the border of our nations.
Why has our enemy nation's king come here with his forces?
My dear people of this nation!
Succeeding me...
I bestow upon her the right to rule Kottaipattinam...
and proclaim that my daughter Vadhana to be the crown princess...
in front of the people from both the nations.
He has not been making right decisions these days.
The king should not marry our princess with our enemy nation's prince...
Now, shall we proceed with the wedding?
I need to talk to my subjects first.
O' brave warriors from Kalingapuri...
Kottaipattinam which was our arch-enemy for many years now...
Today, by offering the hand of their princess to your prince Veera Bhadra...
they are actually offering their entire nation to us.
Your prince is to be the king of their nation.
Long live the new king of Kottaipattinam, Veera Bhadra!
So, the prince of Kalingapuri is going to be our king?
Father, they have fulfilled your condition.
But as per my condition...
they have not yet handed over 'Kochadaiiyaan' Rana Ranvijay to me.
Fearing his punishment, he is hiding somewhere within the kingdom.
We will hand over that coward once he is caught.
Look Rana is here.
Look our commander-in-chief Rana Ranvijay is here.
Our brave warrior is here.
Rana!
Rana!
You better surrender yourself.
This is the king's decree.
Without the people, there is no nation or king.
He, who rules just the land, is not a king.
Only he, who rules the hearts of people, is a king.
Who are you to judge if I am a king or not?
You yourself are a sentenced criminal
And you are a criminal who is about to be sentenced.
I am a criminal? -Yes
For leaving behind, a mere 3,000 soldiers in the enemy nation...
you called my father Kochadaiiyaan, a traitor and killed him.
Today, to that same enemy nation...
you are about to hand over the entire kingdom of Kottaipattinam.
So, who will you be? -Highest traitor of the nation
He is a highest traitor of the nation!
He is a highest traitor of the nation!
Stop it
Is your drama done and over with?
You were the one who set the stage for it and started it.
The one who is about sit down here and finish it... is Rana.
I have seen you perform since you were a child
You are skilled, I know that well
Yes, I was born to do that. Time is irrelevant.
As long as I live, there will be no end to this handy talent of mine!
There will be no end to our enmity too!
Soldiers of Kalingapuri...
attack and chase these people away...
and capture that Rana.
This is not a crowd that will run away, fearing your soldiers.
This is the crowd that is about to attack and chase you away.
Lions of Kottaipattinam...
show them your true form today.
Drive, drive it fast.
Whip it fast Drive it smooth
Let us leave, your highness.
Dare to behold our nation's chariotry, elephantry, cavalry and infantry?
Attack!
Hail Lord Shiva, God of the Gods!
Because the nation more important than friendship.
The nation more important than friendship.
That is what you told me.
Your highness, we have lost.
We have no option other than to retreat.
Come, your highness.
After me, it is your duty to protect your nation and the king.
Dharma
"The Sun burns unselfishly"
"Hence everyone gets light"
"O warrior, you fight altruistically"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"O warrior"
"O warrior"
"You know your duty"
"O warrior"
"When victorious, don't feel proud"
"When you face defeat, don't let it stop you"
"This battlefield is your field of labor
"Keep it decorated"
"Never attack the innocent"
"Fight those who fights with you"
"Don't let your ego interfere"
"Fight righteously"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"Never doubt yourself"
"Never lose courage"
"Even if your mind guides you to rest"
"Then too this is what you should say"
"The Sun burns unselfishly"
"Hence everyone gets light"
"O warrior, you fight altruistically"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"Where does this world ever find..."
"The courage to forgive"
"Forgive, O warrior"
"You will become a part of the history"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"If truth is what your identity is"
"Then a lie holds no power"
"These winds, never stop"
"O warrior, you never tire"
"If truth is what your identity is"
"Then a lie holds no power"
"Gold and silver, the reward for your victory"
"O warrior"
"But what you value the most is your motherland"
"You are altruistic, O warrior"
"The Sun burns unselfishly"
"Hence everyone gets light"
"O warrior, you fight altruistically"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
"To keep our motherland safe"
