In memory of Jorge "Topo" López
"I'll tell the stories that you would have told you" -
- "And show Augustín and Lucía way." -Verónica
Leo is a genius. A genius.
Messi is a genius.
The world's top players, no doubt.
Love story between Barça and Messi is immortal.
He is a diamond ... - "A monster," I said.
He has everything. -The World's best players, I think.
He is a hero to us.
All time best players.
The world's top players.
A unique talent.
The best I have seen.
The kid is unearthly.
He is the Illuminati.
Imagine being able to be him for five minutes to try out how it feels.
My name is Lionel Messi and I'm 13 years old. I play center-forward and ...
-Hello. -Welcome. Come in.
Tack.
-Look at that...! -That's Cruyff!
He was the Dutch captain of the 1974 World Cup and Holland's best players.
-If The bid, so ... -Valdano ...
World Champion, 1986.
Cruyff was groundbreaking, first as a player and then as coach.
When he was on the plane went wild for.
And there sits Menotti. -Is it true?
The national coach of the 1978th
-When Did you see Leo first time, Johan? He was just a kid, basically.
-What Is your first memory of him? -From The preschool class.
He was dressed as a firefighter.
Look at the photograph! Too bad I do not have my glasses.
-This Was in sixth grade. He looks like a fourth grade.
-There Is Cintia. And Walter also.
It was a school play. -You Have exactly the same mine.
I love this picture of us all four small.
What our mothers were young. They are in our age there.
You've got with lots of pictures. -Which Small plutt.
He was dressed as a firefighter and i lady.
He was the snail. -Not Here, it was in the first grade.
He played snail in the school play in 1993? World's fastest players!
I have not actually thought about.
It was very difficult to persuade Lionel to be fellow
-so he had to hide in the suit, though the face was visible.
But he did very well.
-I Was grasshopper. I was a butterfly.
And he was a red elf.
The kids did themselves, we had rehearsed well. Lionel was really good.
That's from the teachers' day when the kids gave us flowers and gifts.
Leo destroyed all the plants in her grandmother's garden when he and Pablo played ball.
It's mostly good memories. We did everything together.
-In The preschool class, in the schoolyard ... It could not take the ball from Leo.
The other children asked for a ball to, so that they could also play.
How did you get into football?
I started playing in a neighborhood kind.
I have heard that it was her grandmother.
She played ball with him.
Was it the grandmother or grandmother? The grandmother, huh?
At last you four years and may follow and watch football.
You will want to be when you see how much fun your brothers are.
But you have to wait for two more years. -until I'm like Rodri and Matías?
Yes, now you are too small, but in two years you get to be with and play.
-Rodrigo Was well really good? -Yes indeed.
It was Rodrigo began. Leo watched as he played.
You will be even better than they. Do you know why?
For you never know what you're thinking. Your little head is a mystery.
Mark my words, you will become the world's best footballers.
Nu går vi in.
What was called block team? -Grandoli.
It was Rodrigo coach who discovered him.
I do not know how it happened. -That We find out.
-What is happening? -A Grandolispelare have overslept.
-I can not wait any longer. All right, we play.
What nonsense.
-Can I play, Grandma? -Do you want that?
I do not really know what she said to the coach.
-Excuse. My grandchildren here to play. He is too small.
Can anybody play this? -My Grandson's great.
He was small in stature.
He looks very small.
-How old are you? Almost six, and quick as a shot.
-What are you good at? -All.
Are you fast? You get to play outside. Put on your shirt and go!
The youngest of the clan Messi ...
Is he like his brothers, so we are lucky.
Show them! Show them!
Now he took the ball!
Fire!
Did you see what he did?
-So He had to be on the team. He dribbled past the most.
I played in Horizonte then, an age group higher up.
He played like a god and got past all of us.
He is happy to be in training, so will the others learn from him.
Rodrigo, Matías and the big guys never let us join in and play.
But Leo nagged itself to be with anyway.
First they said no because he would not do himself illa-
-and later that it was embarrassing when he dribbled them away.
Leo!
-Mormodern. -The Famous grandmother.
When it was a break, he was changed beyond recognition.
He loved the breaks when he got to play against children from other year groups.
They were about to be on his team.
-Without Won him not. -Leos Team that won.
Sometimes they do not want any ball because it was so much fighting.
The lack of ball he was playing with a plastic bottle.
He filled a plastic bag with paper ... only he got to play.
He got a pretty good ball of rags, which did not fall apart.
He had fun, but was not interested in school.
He thought about other things.
"Let me avoid math and language, I just want to play football."
-If He put his mind to it he could actually. We claim no.
But it was hard to get him there.
Celia threatened that if he did not do their homework, he did not play.
-Leo Submitted läxuppgifterna ... -Thanks Cintia.
He always sat in front of me and kicked the chair when he needed help.
He threw the pieces to me.
We noticed nothing!
They were the neighbors and close friends. Almost as siblings.
We said we were cousins.
It was she who organized everything.
She did the talking with the teachers. She was like a mother or sister.
Once when Celia was away on something my mother nursed him.
And she nursed me when Mom was gone.
There's a word for it ...
-From Disyskon var. -Disyskon!
When it was flooding in the neighborhood because it was stopped in avloppet-
-spelade we still, even though we had waste water up to the knees.
My brother is a year older than me.
Newell's-87: s was the first to get a lot of paper nedkastat on the pitch.
We never went directly out to the middle, but asked us to point along the line.
Matías father Raul threw a lot of toilet paper.
It felt like we played for 50,000 spectators.
What was your position? -Mittfältare With him.
-Let He'll score some goals? -Not many...
-Then I steal the ball from him. -So You stole the ball from him?
If you had problems, took to him so he solved it.
-Name And favorite team? -Diego Rovira, Newell's.
Can you tell us about the goal?
Mariano hit the free kick to Leo, he took inward, and I put the target.
Who do you want to dedicate the championship? -All Who know me.
I could do a lot of goals because he took care of the defense players.
We were spoiled with victories, so then it was difficult.
When we won 2-1, 3-1 or 3-2 we were disappointed.
-Name And favorite team? -Gerardo Gringhini, River.
With Leo we won 7-0, 8-0 or 9-0. Without him, it was 1-2, 3-1 ...
Do you remember when we won with 16-0? We scored them all.
They suggested that we compete in laget-
-between those who played in the first half and they played in the second.
In the beginning was the Leo shy, but within the team, he was always really nice.
He joked and was one of the gang.
-Name And favorite team? -Franco Casanova, Newell's.
Who do you want to dedicate the goal? -All Who know me.
He was a natural leader for us. It was he who won games for us.
A quiet leader.
I was the coach until he was 11, then he took over.
Here I am not, but here is the 87-deuce with Domínguez.
-Franco, I, Leo, Lucas ... -That was 1999.
I had red shirt, red pants and a red bag.
I remember he greeted: "Hello, Santa!"
He used to hide the shoes for us. It was he who started to play around.
I could not find my car key somewhere.
Before the game, I looked up to the guys in the locker room.
Leo made the engine sound ... "Is this the key you're looking for?"
Was it he who had it? 'Then I understood what he was mischievous.
I never got to be with you.
Leo climbed mispelträden to pick fruit.
Summers in the treetops ...
He was so small and unobtrusive ... He was really shrewd.
But he never wanted anyone badly and was never false.
He was shy and taciturn.
He never had problems with the parents. Perhaps with other adults, but not with them.
You could win bicycles in the tournaments.
Remember when we wanted to win the bike? We were down 2-0 and Lionel never came ...
-A bike? No, one was for the whole team.
Twos and threes were well priced, but we wanted the bikes.
Dad! I will be late for the game!
He stuck to the toilet.
Newell's Old Boys formation are: Juan Leguizamon, Mariano Miró-
-Bruno Milanese, Hector Correa, Lucas Scaglia, Frederick Red-
-franco Casanova, Diego Rovira, Gerardo Gringhini-
-and Lionel Messi.
-Where have you been? -You are the best!
We are losing the finals! -It's your fault!
We are below 2-0.
-Can I take a picture? What are you doing, Pablito ?!
-How far is it left? -20 Minutes, Leo. -Change!
Stop that. -Come Here, Pablito!
Their goalie is useless on low balls. Come on, Leo!
His father Jorge went to the games, but did not associate with the other.
He was a quiet man who sat behind the goal and watched as his son played.
If he's not scoring goals, he became furious.
He could not play without scoring. He always wanted the ball.
He is still the same. It makes him irritable.
-As A child who lost a toy. He was like when he was little.
If you put him on the bench, he became furious.
If he did not play, he became angry.
The tail lamp!
He tells our story.
A Messi could never have come from Korea or Germany.
There are many stories of when he came in late and won the game.
Do you remember how happy we were?
He was a completely different person on the field than off.
I did not believe it was true. He came when it was only 20 minutes quarter
-and managed to turn the match. He just entered targets. What a babe!
-there Is no larger bike? -Stop Tease him now!
How did you get out from home anyway?
My God, what's happened?
Thanks to the success we had to go to Peru.
-This Sweater is from Peru. Yes, from Cantolao.
We played in a Peruvian tournament when we were 8 years old.
We were billeted with families there, two, three guys per family.
The tournament was called the Rosary. He dribbled, made the tunnel ...
He inspires the team and brings out the best in one.
When he is fit to want to make something good out of it.
There's the whole gang.
We won the matches thanks to all the goals and won the tournament.
He was absolutely fantastic. -Outstanding.
He was so very frail and skinny. Tiny.
A small dwarf that drove everyone crazy.
Off the field, he is not impressed.
"This kid will be nothing. You never know if he's going to grow."
He went to an endocrinologist in Rosario.
He was 9 years old when I met him in 1997.
The analysis confirms that he has a growth hormone deficiency.
What does that mean?
Leo has a shortage of a hormone that makes you grow normally.
-Will He did not grow more? Not without treatment.
How is the treatment?
It uses a pen.
You have probably seen diabetics like that. One need daily injections.
It sounds tough. -Nålen Is thin and hardly feels.
But it is expensive. We'll try to get public health care to cover it.
Can I continue to play football?
It is well done! You've always been the shortest in the team.
You will be longer than Maradona.
Better I do not know, but at least anymore.
Always when I picked him up, he said: "Wait a minute, I'll be right there."
When we went home to me after the game he always disappeared for a while.
If he would sleep over, he always had with him his injections.
He took them myself. That's brave of a eleven-year old.
His mother taught him before a school trip.
He did not see it as something strange and everyone knew about it.
Giving her child growth treatment is probably associated with doubt ...
... And fear.
But they decided it, and it went well.
All mothers want that their children will thrive and grow.
-Tell Me when you do that. -It's Okay, Mom.
Do not you want some help? No, it's fine.
Now I'll go and take a shower.
"I would just take my gun."
It was this kind of pen. -The Did Messi Messi.
No! People believe that it was for football's sake, but I would do the same.
Without treatment, he had had the same skills, but not the same opportunities.
Probably not.
On the last photo he is half a head taller than me.
He knew that the treatment helped.
Everyone knows that it will never run cars there, where the boys play football.
Those neighborhoods have a lot to talk about boys.
It has helped him to manage tensions and rivalries.
Rosario is an extreme city. It is a great football town.
Other cities are characterized by culture in different ways.
Rosario is dominated by football. There is a football town.
The meadow where he played, he carries with him to this day.
-It Has left its mark on him. -The Giving him his individuality.
A boy who is growing normally does not affect how much growth he gets.
But where no one can fix it.
Do not you know that you should not be here?
Do not you hear what I said?
What a nice bike you have. Can I borrow it?
Calm, Martín.
Do you think he'll run home to mom and grinning?
-Hellre It than to be a coward like you. -What did you say?
Are you deaf, too?
He was Rosario's own Che Guevara. Strong will, cocky, inflexible ...
-What time is it? -I do not know. He's out playing.
Why will not he come home?
What have you done?
Some big guys took my bicycle and pedaled on my medicine.
-How did it happen? They laughed at me.
If they laugh, you just look down at the ground and go from there.
They laughed at me because I'm small.
This will make you grow, Lionel.
You do not get rid of the medicine as soon as someone teasing.
Do you know what these costs? -That's enough.
-made They hurt you? No, they ran away.
The treatment lasts as long as you grow.
When we started, he was 124-125 cm.
He is 170 cm. But almost.
Say that he is 168 cm.
-Now He is 169 cm. He grew four inches.
Then we'll see how tall you are.
Stand tall, but do not cheat.
Now you can go down.
It goes really well. You've grown. Yeah, I'll be a footballer.
-Spelade You on Sunday? Yes, we won.
-made Some goals? -Three.
Who do you want to be like? -As Tata and Aymar.
Are you going to play in Newell's then? -Yes.
-Do You a target for me? Yeah, I'll dedicate yourself a target.
You, you owe me a target.
-made He? -No not yet.
But I want him to do it at home to Newell's, when he returns home.
Here comes Rosso, Rosso to Messi, who pulls away ... and scores!
I lived three blocks away, so we went to my house and played PlayStation.
Leo is nothing further on the PlayStation. He is not good at it.
Now I do not know, but when he was little, he was not good.
I remember we played FIFA 94 and FIFA 95 on the Sega ...
He turned off. Yes, he was losing.
A really bad loser on the PlayStation and Sega.
It was the same at home with Lucas.
How is the situation, Lucas? Where are your parents?
They are out there, so we can play the World Cup. No, all against all.
Sure, if you want to lose ... -With shirts.
No, when Dad gets angry. You pollute just down them.
It will not be the same without shirts.
-Pax For Real Madrid. No, it should I have.
Goal! Goal!
Leo always wanted this, and he never wanted to take it off.
He loved Barcelona. It was when Kluivert played there ...
-Rivaldo ... -... And Frank de Boer.
He's free! Come on! -Passa Him!
Pep Guardiola does a bicycle kick ... Goal!
-Hello. -It's My cousin Antonella.
-Do You want anything from the kitchen? We are waiting for pizza.
Goal!
How did Leo when he saw Antonella?
Became the ones then? Did he fight for it?
He was only eleven years old when they met.
He married his childhood sweetheart from Rosario. It says a lot.
He could figure in the gossip columns ...
Then he is probably true to Newell's, too.
This is from a school trip in seventh grade.
We have a school trip on DVD.
This should certainly be the scorer.
There I am!
Where is Walter.
-Where Is Leo. And there is Cintia.
-Where are we? You've already been through.
I remember Walter looked when he tried to run.
He just collided and crashed ...
I had been riding a tricycle before.
They did a feature when he was twelve.
-Name? -Lionel Messi.
We appointed you to the game, players. - "Tell me about the case."
The second goal I remember.
Federico Rosso made the throw, Gringhini passed the ball to Luca Luca to me-
-and so I made goals.
Who would you like to dedicate this game?
To my dad, my uncle, my whole family and all who know me.
The whole family.
His parents did not demand of him that he would be in a certain way.
It was natural.
Messi strikes the corner to Jiménez, which fits back, and Messi scores!
In October 1999, Jorge until the fence where we trained.
I said hello, and he said "enjoy the two remaining months."
Yes, it told you. - "I'll take him from here."
"Where are you taking him, Jorge? Just do not take him to Central."
It was trip there.
I do not remember if it was sickness or work that was the problem.
We must call Messi and ask what it was.
Dad lost his job, so we had a rotten day.
He could not afford medicine. -Without That he had become shorter.
-None Of the teams could afford to pay. -Varken Newell's and River.
They tried with River also, in Buenos Aires.
Newell's could not afford to pay for treatment.
-López Repent enough bitter. -River Could pay half.
They thought he was too small to be something.
And Argentina's economy on it, with the devaluation and everything ...
The public health system was not enough.
Leo's father wanted to find an Argentine team that could not pay.
Jorge was despondent and wanted to take him away to show how angry he was.
We had a star that was hugely promising, but could not help him.
It was only Barcelona who dared.
Celia told me that neither the parents or the club could afford medicine.
So when Barcelona's agent was the father decided that they would go there.
I do not think that Leo had been the same player if he had stayed here.
It was just Leo and dad went. He was so small ...
He was 13 years old. I remember the day when he went.
-You Waved to him and I came too late. It was a power failure five times.
We were without electricity for five days. -It was hard.
We were so tight-knit.
Yes, everyone cried. Him too. -Obvious.
It was very sad, but also fun that I would play there.
Is it fine, Leo?
Le now then.
Le, Leo!
Hurry now. We're going out for a walk.
Make your hair nice for mom's sake.
Dragging behind it.
What slowly it goes. Should you play football like that too?
How did it feel to leave friends in Newell's? It was nervous in the beginning?
Yes, in the beginning I was nervous, but then it got better.
In the early Masía he was very tense.
He kept himself to himself in the dressing room.
-Pratade With someone you? -Only With a guy, but not so much.
What do småglinet here? He is well run away from home.
Selection for the ball boy's tomorrow.
He sat in a corner and watched.
A corner with good supervision.
Gradually, he was at home.
What did you do in training?
Drive the ball, shoot at goal, dribbling around cones, one-on-one ...
At the end we played.
-What's your name? -Messi.
He was just a child. -Very Small and very skilled.
The coach told us to be careful so that we had not killed him.
But you never even taken him. -No, exactly.
When I met him, he was 13 years and I wondered if he could turn pro.
There are many little boys who are great at dribbling and scoring goals.
I've seen lots of good players disappear.
Very good ... Well, nod!
-Hello? -Grabben Is fantastic.
Okay, so ...? I'll talk with the leadership now.
Awesome! Now we go out and celebrate.
-Grabben Is a star! And when the others are growing away from him?
-Pay Treatment, then. Do you know what it costs?
I've never seen anyone better.
If we let him go, we will regret it later.
Some were against it, others were helsålda.
We are not a charitable organization.
This kind of thing does not happen to guys his age. They tend to be 17-18 years.
He will play in one of Europe's top teams.
How was the first day in Barcelona? We looked at the town.
He would audition for Rexach, but Rexach was away.
It was tough for him to have to wait to show what he was made of.
There they sat at a Barcelona hotel and waited for them to call.
We have been waiting for two weeks now. Should not that be enough?
It's a big risk for the club. What more do they?
I have resigned from my job and the boy has left his family.
It weighs heavily, but it takes time to get a contract.
The treatment is more expensive than we thought, and to bring in the whole family ...
If it is so difficult, we'll have to go our way.
If I had my way we would sign a contract tomorrow.
I'll talk to the management, so you will get an answer within a few days.
It took time, but he played on.
-What Were you surprised? -The soccer field.
It was probably the worst for the father. What I could see part of Leo not much of it.
It was nervous for Leo to audition with the guys who were two years older.
It was Rexach who recruited him. Yes, he was the steward.
What makes that boy here? Should not he play with the juniors?
It says here that he's just turned 13, but has a problem with a growth hormone.
We would have to pay the treatment ... -Quiet.
Call to the club and say that we should have him at any price.
It must be great sluggish unless one sees how good is Messi.
The Leo showed up was contracted materials.
They asked for my opinion, and I wrote "a little Maradona."
He was so like him. Left-footed, eyes to the ground, strong, goal-oriented ...
-speediness ... He was a little Maradona, no doubt.
Tell us about Barcelona. How did it feel to have to start practicing with the club?
It felt great. Barcelona is the world's best football club.
-First Went Lionel, then went Matías ... They disappeared one by one.
When Matías would go so drove my grandfather's.
Matías shouted at him to stop.
So he went out and kissed the wall. "Goodbye," and then he went.
That's something special about our neighborhood. Yeah, we're here.
It was a very strange situation.
He was in Barcelona, ​​the family was here, and residence permits were not clear.
It was just Lionel and Jorge who received identification.
It was tough for the whole family-
and he found it difficult to learn Catalan.
Then we'll see ... "My name is Maria. I am nine years old and comes from Argentina."
And in Catalan.
- "My name ..." -My name is Mary.
- "I am again ..." -... years.
I know, but I do not care!
What does FIFA, then?
I do not know, stand on you!
It does not dissolve by itself. Put pressure on them!
Okay sure. Talk to you tomorrow.
They have not talked to Newell's over.
It's been four months, and Leo still have no contract.
He trains with them every day, but may not play in the championship.
-Is There anyone out to stay here, do you? -What do you mean by that?
None of us are at home here. Far from our family, our home, our friends ...
María tragglar with Catalan and miss a whole year of school.
And Matías missing his girlfriend.
It's a hard world, and how good Leo than are-
-so there are things we can not help over.
It might be best to just the two of you stay here.
Think of his siblings.
I'll talk to Leo, so we'll see what he thinks.
There you are, Leo.
I've talked with your mother ... I want to play in Barcelona.
Well then. I will stay here with you.
It feels good to be back, but I have to get into the rhythm again.
His goal was to play in Barcelona, ​​so he bet everything on it.
It was brave of him. "I will succeed in Barcelona."
Celia went home and Jorge stayed on.
-It was hard. But he was set to succeed.
If you ask him what has been the hardest for him ...
The treatment paths estimates, when Pekerman did not let him play against Germany ...?
No, the worst thing was that they had to split the family-
and he felt it was his fault.
-There Were no guarantees. He could have been sent home after a year.
The mother came to visit sometimes, but the father was always here in Barcelona.
When I went to England as a 17-year-old, I made it quite exclusive
And it was really tough.
Now we know that it was worth it.
He did not live at the Masia, but with her father in a large apartment.
It took a year before Jorge knew whether he was or not.
The paperwork took time.
The rest of us would have gone home. The deal with Newell's dragged on.
Then he injured calf and hurt the foot of a staircase ...
On the way back from Argentina, where he strapped himself in flygstolen-
-började he was crying.
When we met the second time, I had prepared a contract of 7-8 years.
Writing contracts for hundreds of thousands of pesetas with a 13-year-old was crazy.
-What's with him? -Family Have gone home to Argentina.
On the board, they thought I was crazy.
And yes, a little crazy, we were of course who backed the project.
He was so small that he had to play with those who were younger than we are.
When he made his debut in the youth team, Barça won with 14-1. He made three or four goals.
When they had waited so long, he wanted to show what he was made of.
-In His second match he was injured. He broke his leg.
He went on a nasty blow and had to go there by ambulance.
Internet cafes had poor uppkoppling-
-so it was difficult to stay connected. It was hard.
Yes, having to go from their friends in the middle of puberty was tough for him.
He was ready with treatment in Spain.
Sometimes he skipped training because he had a gun.
The doctor thought it was best to rest.
His sporting development was enormous.
I lack the stamina and speed. I get tired sometimes.
To beat Espanyol juniors is something you've dreamed about.
I have made five goals and hope to continue with it.
In the beginning it was hard because of the injury, but now it is fine.
When Leo came home from Spain, he was much more muscular and much more.
He was steady as a man of 185 cm. -Now You can not upset him.
He's in fantastic shape. -Who Muscles ...
Muscular, sustainable ...
He is strong, fast and flexible.
He is explosive like no other. He has worked up his physique.
He has been training for the quadriceps explosivitetens sake ...
He has become so male. Yes, a real man.
It was a match with the youth team ... He got crushed cheekbone.
He began to cry, not cheekbone, but for that he would miss finalen-
-so he got to play with Puyol's mask.
"If the mask bothers you, we'll put you on the bench."
But the mask slipped, so he just took it off, to Jorge horror, and they won the game.
Messi is from the beginning a great diamond.
Then he found the right people to shape him-
-so that no idiots have been allowed slandered his brilliance.
For some players will be inhibited by idiots to coach.
You have to be visionary and daring things that are against the practice.
It dared Rexach and Cruyff do, and managed to create the Philosopher's Stone.
To have the ball control, reading spelet-
-to know when to attack and when to rest ...
Cruyffs Barça gave Leo conditions that he had not been able to get anywhere else.
It is the first exercise, so I expect a lot of energy!
You now have rest up to you, so now we need to quickly get in shape.
You're a year older, so the requirements are higher.
Stop clapping hands and get going.
Leo played in Barça's B team.
Frank Rijkaard had to borrow a few players for a friendly against Oporto.
He kindly asked what I wanted to lend.
"We have these guys, and so Messi," I said.
"Who is Messi?"
-Hi. -Hi.
He is there.
Rijkaard dared to bet on the young spelarna-
-and brought in players like Messi and Iniesta in the team.
Imagine being able to play for Barça at age 16.
Come, Mati! That's Leo.
-I Debut in the first team on Wednesday. -What is he saying?
He will play in the first team! -Tell!
It is clear that we will be your debut match!
Do not worry, it's clear we will.
I saw him in his debut against Oporto.
They had gray shirts, huh? Yes, gray shirts.
He had brown sweater. Number 30th
The wife cried Leo to enter.
Now, I was featured in the newspapers. I hope to be selected for the national team.
Is it true that Leo signing with Spain-
-but that Vivas and Grondona made sure to get him in Argentina's national team?
I can tell you about the semi-final against Spain in 2003.
The Spaniards lived in the same hotel as us. They always have their national team cook with it.
There came a man to me ...
Are you Hugo Tocalli? -I am busy.
I want to talk about Leo Messi from Rosario. He is 15 years old.
Spain wants to sign him, but he wants to play for Argentina.
-What A 15-year-old does not? But he is phenomenal.
Bring him in the U17 team, otherwise we lose him.
If I got paid every time someone said I would be a multimillionaire now.
This is from his father. Call him gladly. It is urgent.
But Spain must not know anything. -Okay.
Thank you, señor Tocalli.
I thanked even for the tip.
A chef comes and says he has a player who can save the U17 national team ...
No, Pedrito, this is the national team.
Here they play that are involved in training, otherwise they can go home.
I told you this morning, Pedro.
You're giving me nothing to work with and they make us a laughingstock.
There were five of Leo's games.
He took the ball and went from zero to one hundred in three meters.
He made a strong impression on me.
I have always said that in the junior needed a fast player-
-As good at tempo changes.
-So You did not know him before? -No not at all.
Wait.
I immediately called to Omar Souto, our administrator.
Listen carefully to what I say.
You need to get a player for me in Barcelona's Lionel Messi.
I asked him to contact him in Spain, via our contact Javier.
It took maybe 40 minutes.
I'm calling for the Argentine Football Association's behalf.
What are you saying?
The boy's father said he wanted to become Member
-and that he would ask Barcelona for permission.
He came up with the U18 team at age 16. Yes, they played against Paraguay.
-So Was Leo Argentine internationals. -Argentina La seized him.
If Messi had played in the Spanish national team had been unbeatable in the World Cup.
We should propose a toast to the movie, the game that you arrangerade-
-and to Julio allowed you to bring him home.
Real Madrid had made him debut as a 17-year-old.
I hope to play in the first team.
Then we saw no trace of him more.
It was just the right time for football, the coach, the other players ...
Ronaldinho treated him like a son.
It was the players who asked us to bring in Leo.
It is not easy to come into a team that 16-year-olds
But, Ronaldinho, Deco, Sylvinho and Motta took good care of me.
Ronaldinho made me feel at home.
The players accepted him as he was and took care of him.
-A Tricky match ... We made the first goal ...
They took him in. They got him to grow.
Frank had a lot of patience.
Rijkaard let me develop at a slow pace.
Self wondered why I did not get to play.
Another coach might not have dared to bet on him.
Now in retrospect I understand that he knew exactly what was best for me.
One must not be too hasty.
In Barcelona, ​​Messi had a coach of the Dutch school.
Rijkaard let him play in the first team.
Not even when someone guessed well that he would be the world's best players?
-His First goal in Barcelona ... -A fantastic goal.
-Ronaldinho Fit ... He's put it over the head of goalkeeper.
Ronaldinho was the first to hug Messi.
I was not really what he did. I was so happy about my first goal.
Now in retrospect I see how happy he was for me.
It was a fatherly hug. It was a fantastic atmosphere on the pitch.
They really had fun.
Ronaldinho is great minded. He did not feel at all threatened by Messi, who some believe.
He could tell you about a new thing that he wanted to try, and the next day put it.
Marías once said that Ronaldinho was a beach dude and Messi a street dude.
For Messi every game is a block match. Every match is equally important.
He still wants to win that cycle.
Getting the jump in for Ronaldinho, the world's best players, it's great.
-What do you dream about? -Argentinska National team.
It was not easy for Messi in the beginning of the national team.
The first match in the World Cup in Germany against Hungary ...
-Spelade He in the national team then? -Yes.
The Hungarians grabbed the sweater on him and when he tried to make himself freedoms
-Didn't he red card.
It was insane. -Vansinnigt By the judge, yes.
He was sent off 30 seconds into the game. Leo cried in the locker room.
That's a shame. We had high expectations of him.
When did you understand his greatness as a player?
It was in the match against Juventus that everyone became aware of him.
It was then that he began to be spoken.
He really impressed. I think he was 17 years old then.
He really impressed tonight. He really showed his mettle.
Juventus played really to win, and did everything to stop him.
He received extensive help from Andres Iniesta.
He really put to it for the top players of Juventus.
It admitted Capello, their coaches.
I have never seen such a good player at that age.
He has personality, speed ... He is fantastic.
Fabio Capello asked Rijkaard if he could not get Messi, but never in life.
Such a talent must uphold. He was fantastic tonight.
It was a joy to see him play.
And no one had seen him before.
It was the first time the audience chanted: "Messi! Messi!"
Now, everyone started talking about the need to renew the contract with Messi.
A contract with Messi is never secure.
There has been renewed six times.
The international debut against Chelsea was incredible.
Del Horno had nightmares for a week afterwards.
Spectacle.
Skillfully spectacle.
The match against Chelsea was crucial for his career.
Del Horno was harder on him than any player deserves.
It was the first time I saw Messi, and also in an important match-
-and witnessed the horror he put the opponents.
We saw the Real Madrid-Barcelona in a bar. Sure, he scored three goals?
-It was a long time ago. -Three Goals in the derby ... It was awesome.
It was awesome.
And then came the coach that I would say is the world's best coaches.
In Guardiola's team played no less than Messi, Eto'o, Ronaldinho and Henry.
They had high standards for themselves, and it would go quickly.
When Ronaldinho ended wondered how it would go.
Laporta took a tearful farewell to Ronaldinho.
Then he called to Jorge Messi and berättade-
-that the then 21-year-old Leo would become captain.
He was probably pissed that his friends were petade-
But immediately asked which team would consist of.
In practice was not Messi captain. He was only 21 years.
It was Guardiola who decided. It was he who put Messi in the center.
He did it in the game against Real Madrid.
He Eto'o relegated to the outer edge, which högerytter-
-and put Messi striker.
The message was that the team would be built up around him.
For the team was not ready yet. But it was not Messi's decisions, but Guardiola.
Guardiola knew that Eto'o did not help Messi to utvecklas-
Because he was too protective.
Ronaldinho was gone because he encroached too much on Messi's role.
This meant that Messi got DON ledarrollen-
But it was Guardiola who pulled the strings.
When you open the door and step into everyone will know who you are.
When Guardiola enters know what to do.
So you want a coach to have it.
Barcelona were better under his leadership.
An entire generation was at his service. Those who questioned Messi went out.
What if Cristiano Ronaldo had played in the Barcelona
-and Messi during Mourinho?
Would it have been likadant-
-or Ronaldo would have left Barcelona, ​​like so many others?
Leo likes to play football with neighborhood friends.
He wants to play with people who have the same attitude.
He needs close relationships. -Friendship.
It is about give and take.
Zlatan was much more independent.
A fantastic player, but difficult to connect with.
Should Messi play with the best ...
-... Or with those who understand him best? It is perhaps the same thing.
Maybe it's the same thing.
Some have had to move him. Villa, Eto'o, Krkic, Ibrahimovic ...
How to play in Barcelona. It does not fit, there are other teams.
-Ibra Was in the way. -Messi Need space.
It helps Messi is best when holding the resistance gone, so he can do his.
One should give his teammate the best possible conditions.
First and foremost, we need to sort out what makes him so great.
Football is no mystery. There is no need for analysis and number combinations ...
Football is four things: definition, development, recovery and defense.
Messi began to define.
He started as a winger.
We arrived at a new position, "false nine". -Where He got an outlet for their skills.
It was Guardiola's merit.
On the perimeter, in midfield ... He plays like a god.
His spurt against Kun other day ...
His dad told me about when he realized how good his son was.
Messi was in midfield.
As soon as the ball came near, he took it and stuck.
He really wanted the ball.
Messi must have the ball.
Otherwise he is a violinist without a violin.
As a star violinist who only get to play a few notes on the hour.
Without the ball Messi is just one of the players.
If Messi gets 30 passes or five passes ...
In a match I saw he just got the ball four times!
Then it's not to score.
Then it is best to Messi always bollen-
-for he fits at least to his teammates.
Then you can exhale.
Once I let Maradona go out, and so I asked the other:
"How many passes will get Maradona?"
"Well, I'll tell you, everyone!"
This is why players like Busquets, Xavi and Iniesta as viktiga-
-so that he can get the ball.
They also have the advantage that they can see each other's eyes, for they are about the same length.
It is actually important.
We understand how important it is for a fotbollsspelare-
-to have teammates they can trust.
We can pretend that the medal is ours, but it is Leo's merit.
Cruyff has said that everything starts with ...
Xavi. He always keeps a special rate.
He fits rapidly to Messi, if he is free.
He does not fit just to see what he can find on.
Now, we have Iniesta too.
You understand each other.
If I suit him, I know that he fits back.
They are the same type of player. They are in communication with each other.
I have difficulty getting to the same thing.
Barça are short on time. There are Dani Alves and Terry.
He fits Leo Messi, which fits on to Iniesta ...
And Iniesta scores!
Goal!!!
Barça scores!
Andrés Iniesta puts it in the 93rd minute games.
What a finish!
Barça go on to the Champions League final in Rome!
Andrés Iniesta does it again! Leo Messi does it again!
People think that to play football with fötterna-
But to play with your head and use your feet.
What I like about him is that he is always turning over positions to their advantage.
He takes advantage of that he is small. The big players have no chance.
It affects close control. Yes, if he gets knocked it down here.
Barcelona had many players because that was short, and that could take advantage of it.
If you get a nudge can gain momentum on it.
They say that small players can not nod. I wish I could nod as good!
The photo from the Champions League final ... What a height!
A great hope.
I heard Piqué tell us about the training sessions.
I have received point mark him several times in training.
-Even If you know where he's going ... -You know where he's going.
-... So he does not go to stop. And so he goes away.
He get past when he wants it. He plays with a.
You never know if he touches the ball or not.
It gets the same result anyway.
But when you yourself are trying to go in, he turns infallible.
All that praise Messi should seize on just that. It is the most important.
It is much more beautiful than the goals he does. Many can make nice targets.
When Messi gets the ball he never hesitates.
It is rare to see a player run so fast with the ball as close to the feet.
The biggest upper hand, he has when he has the ball.
When the defenders take a step, he takes two. He can go either right or left.
And that's a big advantage.
Each step is an opportunity to change direction.
Therefore, he has so much contact with the ball. That is what makes Barcelona so good.
And those around him know that he needs to have it so.
-Barçahistorien Is fabulous. -To Even in slow motion, it is fast.
He holds a breathtaking speed.
It's the same when he makes the tunnel at eachother.
It strikes one that he can make trades at any time, but he does what he wants.
The other day he scored a goal ... Iniesta passed the ball to Alexis Sanchez
-and Messi stepped up and put it right where it should sit.
Messi is a magician.
He receives the ball in impossible places, like pulling a rabbit out of the hat.
Whether he scores or slip through the defense ...
Take kick cars, for example.
Yes, he is left-footed, but right foot is not of the picks.
He has done many goals with the right wing. -Get Left footed so good with the right wing.
He is less than the left-footed Maradona, who crossed legs in Sanaa flats
-to avoid using the right foot, but Messi can use her.
One always has a foot that is best-
But will the ball to the right, must of course put it.
How's the team? -There He has free rein.
But he must surely be dotted. -Obvious.
But it can be done in different ways.
Messi is not enough to put a man on. It needed two men to it.
-You Will have to bend the rules. Yes, no violence, but ...
It hurts me when he gets a slap or being convicted.
He does not kick hard. He has such precision that he is always correct.
He always aiming so far from the keeper as possible.
He breaks all records. -Hat Tricks are commonplace.
-Only One goal in a match felt a little. -It Exceptional became normal.
You miss more often in training. I would never bet against him.
It would not do.
I do not know what people expect. A double somersault before the goal?
It need not be a pretty goal, but it goes into.
Even then what happens?
It can be broadside, with the toe ... Anything. And I like that.
A double tunnel feels boastful. He does it as needed.
He is frugal with that. He respects the opponent.
But surely he can misbehave. He's not a wax figure.
Leo is horrible when he gets angry.
You can also be really annoying. You can drive me insane.
He is one second before all the time. -Plötsligt He pops up behind his back.
He sees everything: the opponents, team-mates and what room for maneuver he has.
The turning point for Spanish football was the game Real Madrid-Barça when Mourinho was new.
It was a tricky match for Barça. Pepe was sent off, there was tall grass ...
If Real Madrid had gone to the Champions League FINAL
-had Spanish football have been different. But Messi stopped them.
He made a remarkable maneuver where he took the ball past three motspelare-
-and made an impressive goal that was the end of Maurinhos Madrid.
Madrid won the course the following year, but it was still a time dominated by Barça.
It was Messi who decided that they would show they still decided.
And he secured the match with a game of Maradona's caliber.
It was a historic moment.
Madrid's problems with Barcelona has been very much psychological.
Messi has dominated the matches in total from the beginning to the end
And it broke the Madrid.
Messi will add penalties. The concentration is total.
-What are you good at? -All.
You will be the world's best players.
Barcelona start to get tired of winning.
It's like the tire of the Mona Lisa and paint a mustache on her.
Let masterpiece to be!
Messi takes the ball, and now he hat trick! Goal!!!
The brake is much more important than gas. And he can stop on a dime.
-Late He sets off again. -Have You ever seen anyone so fast before?
Yes. "The Black Pearl" -Pelé.
Pele is of a completely different nature.
When talking about football, do not pull in Pele, for he is of a different world.
He has a little of all of the best of all time.
Zidane's control, Ronaldo's speed ...
When he received the Golden Ball for the first time, it was as if I myself had won.
Lionel Messi.
Lionel Messi.
It was so wonderful that he got to experience it. I was so moved that I cried.
Leo Messi, for the fourth time!
He is a monster, no doubt. Yes, without doubt.
You see him well already by your side? Yes, without doubt.
He is already on par with Maradona, Di Stefano and Cruyff. Right?
I do not know if you've met before ... -Hurså?
You are setting up a comedy with me in one of the roles.
You are constantly trying to make comparisons.
-Check. There he was just a toddler. -Sju, Eight years.
Newell's took him in half break.
He bounced the ball 300-400 times without dropping it.
Look at Maradona and Lionel. They are alike.
The difference is that he is less. Maradona is older.
But he does not do so often. Diego did it with soda cans, with oranges ...
I do not think he likes it. He does not like to show off.
He has always been modest. This is what has taken him this far.
-What's Your role model? -Maradona.
You are also left-footed. Are you imitate him?
No.
This is the game I usually talk about.
It looked exactly like Maradona's goal against England!
They run the same distance, encountering the same obstacles on the way ...
Maradona needs more tempo changes to mislead motståndet-
'cause he's not as fast as Messi.
But if you go into depth, they are very different from each other.
They left footed both, but Messi is faster.
-Maradona Hid the ball ... -Fotbollen was different then.
One can not compare the future of English defenders of our time.
There is 30 years difference.
Diego is legendary. What he did in 1986 against England, after the Falklands War ...
Maradona leads the team and Leo defines the game.
Maradona has done a good comparison.
"I read the pitch, Leo reads the target."
Messi do both.
Maradona has a AUREOLA around. He's carrying the team forward, pushing the heel ...
Leo carry the team by playing.
-His Leadership comes naturally. He is not a tyrant.
Messi was like Maradona, but only occasionally, like Maradona himself warning
-without all the time, every minute.
In Napoli Diego could sometimes just disappear from the game.
I do not agree. Napoli was Maradona's creation.
Barcelona is not Messi's creation.
Messi put the last strokes in the artwork.
But Napoli were just a bunch of guys running around.
He won the working team against Napoli power elite Milan.
Therefore, they can not be compared with each other.
Leo is Leo and Diego is Diego. Leo will always be Leo.
If you ask me which of them is best, I say to Leo, no doubt.
We Argentines like to compare them to many of their aims are similar.
Have you seen his hands?
Check out what Leo does here. Just as Maradona did.
Maradona had not made the second goal, no one would remember the "Hand of God".
It was great because it was against England, and that he was the best player.
-It Is identical. -Which Outstanding choreography.
Diego's extravagances off the court is nothing like Leo.
Someone should ask Maradona to keep quiet.
Bad for casual appearance, but good for the player.
Diego had more darkness in their lives.
Leo does not commit the mistakes perhaps is what makes him better than Maradona.
Messi is who we want to be well-behaved -a Argentinians who conquers the world.
Diego is that we are- combative and given to extremes.
He creates a relationship with the people. Leo has not been sent off in the World Cup.
What is that setting?
I'm sitting here to show that I'm not going to say anything.
I will not compare them.
They are two exceptional players, the world's best by tiderna-
but I do not want to compare them.
He wants to yourself that you should not compare them.
I think Maradona was better. But I do not know ...
I'm just who I think was the best, then, the other also fantastic.
Thank God that Messi is!
What if we would still have to talk about Maradona.
So one should not compare them, just enjoy.
-Who is your idol? -Maradona.
Leo, I just want to say I love you.
You're really good.
Let people talk about you to be the best of all time.
We must decide when you finish.
Until then, you should have fun and be happy with your family.
I love you, Leo.
I have never seen Messi play bad. Maybe three times in a hundred games.
He's not a robot.
I have only seen him become hissed down twice.
In the Copa América in Santa Fe and in the World Cup qualifiers against Bolivia.
If the team plays poorly blames not the right winger, but on the star.
Remember the free kick?
He hit it out to the woods!
Then I would also have busvisslat!
And if I were his coach, I would have lectured him.
So what if the wolf whistled at him?
-The Wolf whistled the team. -Sure ... The wolf whistled at him!
-Messi Was not himself. -People Repeat things they hear.
The press got the idea that he did not care about the team, and people took note of it.
Messi made a laughing stock.
People on the street said to me ...
He is a fiasco -feg and mindless!
I have always supported him, but not anymore.
He's not probable, that sluggard.
I took offense at me.
Stuff stings. He did his best for the national team, and was just spat.
He is like a dead fish on the pitch. He can not be compared to Maradona.
Do not be nasty. He did not sing the national anthem ...
What said music teacher? I know I taught them the national anthem.
I was in Santa Fe when he sang.
Everyone knows he was unjustly convicted.
It's a very emotional moment. Many thoughts moving in the head.
You do not sing the national anthem to be Argentinians and patriot.
I left because I could not bear to hear everything they said about Leo.
It is pathetic to resort to things like that.
I never sing the national anthem. It does not interest me.
Should not talk about that he chose the Argentine national team in front of Spain?
He wanted to be left alone. He considered leaving the national team.
But he continued to play.
Leo is more Argentine than me.
He always think of Argentina and on to play in Rosario again-
You sure also to experience things he missed out on as a child.
-Messi Has lived in Spain since he was 13. And he has left Rosariodialekten.
Someone in Barcelona described it as leaving Leo Rosario each morning
-to train in Barcelona, ​​and then fly home to Rosario again in the evening.
He is more than the Argentine dulce de leche.
It happened something in the national team during the match in Barranquilla.
-Sabella Was coach. Is he here?
-There Right. Yes, there he is.
From that day onwards, it was Messi's national team. It was the turnaround.
Maybe he played more than he wanted to and more than you had thought.
It is not uncommon in football that a particular match is a turning point.
Argentina have won!
One must try to understand all of their players, even those who are the best in the world.
Messi told me:
As I was playing today ...
"So I want to play, with passes from the flanks, and with 'Kun' Aguero."
There he was used to from Barça.
What is fascinating is that even when he is not in the game, he is it.
It is believed that he is not, but he is.
One thinks "he's not in the game", and so he makes a goal.
You were the coach who managed to get Messi to play like he played in Barça.
That we now understand in retrospect.
He won the Junior World Championships. And the Olympics.
To be named the world's best players is the crowning.
He has never won the World Cup, but he has received the Golden Ball four times.
People take note of what you lack.
That he has not won the World Cup does not mean that he is not the best-
But for his career, it would be fantastic with a World Championship gold.
If Messi recaptured the Falkland Islands to us-
-Could we complain that he did not get a medal.
Interviewing Messi ... Boring is just the beginning.
He's a pure soul. It's cliche after cliche ...
There is not any darkness in him.
When Leo was examined for tax evasion, he asked to the questions sent to them.
He said from the team's hotel, via e-mail!
He is smoother than on the pitch.
It's the only time I've interviewed someone by e-mail. I am a radio reporter!
There are always those who want to interfere.
One can not kick Iniesta and Xavis masseur anyway.
They can do it themselves, not the federation. Such things, he must stop.
Messi can decide what is good for the team, what's good for the club?
The answer is yes.
He had to change phone numbers because they were so persistent.
I have not talked to Leo since the World Cup in Germany.
-Is it true? -You Do not want to disturb him.
We had contact, but then I got by with a mobile phone.
We who have been involved, feel that a little drop of his sweat is ours.
For us, he is already a hero. He does not need to prove anything.
Cheers for Messi.
I remember an occasion that was very important for both of us.
We were eleven, twelve years-
and he asked me to go to her grandmother's grave.
"Okay, but it's far away," I said.
We were the small and did not know much about the world outside our neighborhood.
It was terrible ... We walked through the slums.
People stared at us. Where we came, two kids in pretty nice clothes.
Eventually we came to the cemetery.
She was important to him.
She strengthened his belief in his dream of becoming a football player.
Her death was a hard blow for him.
We were gone forever.
"Where have you been?" - "At Leo's grandmother's grave."
Remember, the strong ties he had to mormodern-
-As felt he needed to visit the grave, though he knew it was dangerous.
Jiménez, good work by the number 7 there, and on to Messi.
Beware, for now it may be ... mååål!
Goal! Goal! Goal!
She loved football. -Really.
Penalty!
And!
He was really his grandmother.
She never got to see how far he came. He dedicates every goal he her.
Målgesten ...
