 Great part of our life 
 is experienced under a haze of automatic and habitual behavior. 
 We spent so much time on the hunt. 
But nothing ever satisfies us enough.
AUTHOR OF 10% HAPPIER
And we get so caught up in the hunt that it makes us unhappy.
 And I had everything I ever wanted. 
 I had everything I should have. 
 Everyone around me said: "You are successful." 
 But in fact, I was unhappy. 
There was this ...
THE MINIMALISTS
... stark emptiness in my life.
So I tried to fill that gap as many people do:
With things ... many things.
 I was filling the void by buying things. 
 I was spending money faster than I was earning, 
 trying to buy my way to happiness. 
I thought you were going to get there one day.
After all, happiness had to be
Somewhere, very close.
 I was living from salary to salary, 
 living for a living, living for things. 
 But I was not actually living. 
 At a time when people from the West 
 are enjoying the best standard of living in history, 
Why, at the same time ...
PHD IN NEUROPHYSIOLOGIST
... is there so much desire for more?
 I think of it as a kind of delusional desire with biological roots. 
 This desire is a good strategy to keep animals alive, 
 including the first humans of the story, 
 under very adverse conditions. 
 But currently, this causes a disconnect. 
 You're like a marionette, whose ropes 
 should be drawn by the evolution of Mother Nature, 
 tens of millions of years ago. 
We still feel restless.
We are still always looking for more.
 That's why lottery winners are miserable. 
 That's why people have garages for three cars. 
The first car generates a wonderful and exponential dose ...
Entrepreneur
... of happiness, joy and usefulness.
 The second car comes because we get sick of the first one. 
 And, as humans, we were programmed to become dissatisfied. 
 It's an addiction, really. 
 And we are encouraged to keep addiction 
 through technology and information. 
 American culture has ... 
CONSULTANT - SUSTAINABLE CLOTHING
... for the most part, caused this blindness.
 There is definitely this illusion of how our lives should be. 
 Whether through advertising, or your Instagram, 
 or Facebook feed, it's this illusion 
 that our lives should be perfect. 
It is natural to use the lives of other people,
And even imaginary lives, you know ...
NEUROCIENTISTA PHD
... the confections we see in advertisements, as a criterion.
 You open a Vanity Fair or Esquire and see 
 very sexy and glamorous lives. 
And then the projects for most people seem to become:
"How can I get that or how close to that will I get?"
 There can be a lot of frustration 
 for trying to live that way. 
 And many of us see no other alternative to live like this. 
The advertisement polluted ...
PHD AND SOCIOLOGIST ECONOMIST
... and infiltrated the culture.
 It's in our movies. 
 It's on our television shows. 
 It's in our books. 
 You are in our doctors' offices. 
 You're in the taxis. 
 You're in the bar, sitting next to you, the person you're thinking about 
 be having a relaxed conversation may have been 
Placed there by a beverage company.
Hydrate the Rush
 It's been a slow evolution. 
 This is not something that just happened yesterday. 
 It's something that's been sold to us by the last, let's say, 100 years, 
 slowly and always, for those who want to make lots of money. 
 That's what I call a nice car. 
They want us to believe that ...
ENOUGH AUTHOR 
... we need these things.
 With each passing year, there is more encouragement, 
 more pressure, more options, 
 More media, more noise and noise. 
And by uncomplicating, simplifying and enabling ...
DIRECTOR AND PHOTOGRAPHER
... people know they have the option,
Is this alarm clock that is very valuable
In a very critical time now.
 My life has reached a point 
 where I no longer knew what was important. 
So, at some point as I approached age 30,
I noticed something different in my best friend.
In their twenties.
 Josh, he seemed happy for the first time 
 in a long time type, really happy, in ecstasy. 
But I did not understand why, because we both worked
In the same corporation.
We both spent our twenties climbing the corporate ladder together,
And he had been as unhappy as I was.
 So I did what any best friend would do. 
 I took it to lunch for something really good ... 
 I think we went to the Subway. And I sat down with him 
 and asked a question. 
Why the hell are you so happy?
He spent the next 20 minutes talking about something called minimalism.
 Before I discovered minimalism, 
 I think my life was like with that of any other person. 
 I had many things. 
 Hundreds, thousands of books, DVDs, VHS, 
 cupboards full of expensive clothes. 
 All these things that I had brought into my life without question. 
But when I began to detach myself,
I began to feel freer, happier, lighter.
THE MINIMALISTS
And now, as a minimalist, every thing I have serves a purpose,
Or brings me joy.
I have a bed, a chair, and a radio.
And I have some furniture in my dining room.
I have some appliances in my kitchen.
I do not have any excesses.
Everything I see around
I have to justify myself, not to anyone else,
But justify to me: "Does this add value to my life?"
And if not, I must be willing to undo it.
Ryan and I just wrote a book about our last five years,
From those corporate guys in a suit and tie, to minimalists.
And now we'll hit the road for ten months this year
And promote this book.
But in fact pass a message on which we believe,
A simple message of living more free with less.
I'm gonna need a jacket.
We'll see where the journey will take us.
INTERACTIVE MUSIC FILM
He then presented it as a 12-minute lecture with 8 minutes of reading.
-Right. -Yes.
Cool because only
I do not want to feel rushed in the lecture, that's all.
Right.
CEDO IN THE TURN, JOSHUA AND RYAN PERFORMED A LECTURE IN SOUTH.
THEY HOPE THAT THAT TAKES THE HISTORY OF THEM TO A LARGEST PUBLIC.
-Ready? "I was born soon."
Nice.
Hello, thank you for coming.
My name is Ryan Nicodemus and this is Joshua Fields Millburn.
And together we run a website called theminimalists.com.
 So today, Josh will read something from our book, 
 but first let me tell you a story about how 
 we become the Minimalists. 
We were never expelled, as long as a person appears ...
"That's all that matters. -I feel very good.
We had events where only two people showed up,
 and that was amazing, 
 because we had to spend time with two people and add value 
 their lives in a different way. 
-I'm an embrace, man. -Right.
Thanks for coming, man.
Thanks for coming and attending the lecture, man.
-Cool. Thank you. -It's our pleasure.
Did you forget your Kindle and badge in there?
Yes thanks.
 From the day I was born 
 by the second grade, when my parents divorced, 
I had perfect parents.
 When my mother left my father, 
 it just got really bad. 
 In high school, we had a lot of people at home. 
And then I discovered that they were there smoking crack.
They produced crack.
 In the eighth grade, SWAT invaded our home,
 and arrested my mother for selling drugs. 
It was the drug that beat my mother.
 Josh had a childhood very similar to mine. 
 My first memories of my father 
 They are of him erasing a cigarette on my mother's chest. 
Soon after she left my father, she began to drink.
 My greatest fear was to be taken away from her. 
 When she was sober, she was a phenomenal mother. 
 I think she kind of felt trapped. 
My mother always complained about money.
She had no money.
 I remember growing poor. 
 And I remember thinking when I graduated from high school: 
"I want to start a path that will take me somewhere
Rather than difficulties. "
Eight hundred yards, turn left onto San Pedro Drive.
We're on our way to NPR for a radio interview.
They are our people. Our demographics.
How are you ?
- You're looking for Rick Daniels. -I think so.
-You are the Minimalists. -Yes, we are.
How are you ?
- I'm Scott. - I'm Ryan. I'm a hug, man.
-Nice to meet you. -Thank you for inviting us.
Joshua.
 I think the moment I woke up was when I was showing colleagues 
 how to sell cell phones to five year olds. 
 I thought, "What am I doing?" 
This mentality of achieving a better promotion,
Get a better house, a better car,
Get a better salary, be able to pay expensive bills at the bar.
And to do that he had to sell cell phones to five-year-olds.
There's a model out there.
You can call it American Dream,
Or accompany the Joneses, or whatever.
It's just a mold. It is not the mold.
 And when we realize this, 
 I think we can create our own template that works for us. 
 The American Dream has a long history 
 which began as a concept that really was more about opportunity. 
 The US is a land of opportunity 
 where a person can start from the bottom work hard and do well. 
There is no doubt that what it means to have achieved
Or have achieved the American Dream in the United States
Has increased tremendously in material terms.
 One hundred thousand dollars or more of income per year 
 has become more and more a standard desire 
 in society, because that is portrayed 
 as normal on TV, 
A six-figure income.
 Beginning around the mid of the 1990s, 
 Americans entered a fever of consumerism probably 
 unprecedented in the history of mankind. 
AVERAGE DOMESTIC EXPENSES
 And much of this has to do with the cheapness of the products
 originating mainly from China. 
 Whether talking about clothes, electronics, 
 all kinds of household goods. 
Things are cheaper, but more available.
Buy yourself 24 hours a day online.
 LIFEEDITED FOUNDER 
There are big stores that sell everything.
 We end up accumulating a lot of things. 
 So much so that even if you have 
 about three times the space per person 
 we used to have in the 50's, so much more space ... 
We have so many things that we need more space than that,
 and then there is a storage industry of 2.2 billion square meters ... 
Which is ridiculous.
 And we have people 
 living in huge houses. And if you really repair, 
 People do not use the space they have. 
A study was carried out which showed a heat map of, type,
Where people moved in their homes ...
DIR.LIFEEDITED COMMUNICATION 
Over a normal day.
A family of four, in a middle house.
 And what was discovered is that people used, perhaps, 
 forty percent of their space. 
No one used the dining room.
No one uses the living room.
There was a large balcony.
Nobody used the balcony.
You know, I'm not saying that's how everyone lives.
Some people use dining rooms, but it creates this big void.
 you need to fill, so people play lots of crap in their homes,
 things you do not need. 
 We are living our lives 
 according to the space we have 
 instead of creating our space to fit our life. 
It's so easy to choose wrong, and you're done.
With three dining tables in the same house.
ARCHITECT
Well, you need to run around enough to eat at three tables at once.
Nothing is more responsible than living in the smallest place you can.
 We probably sell or donate, say, at least 90 percent of our things. 
 You can not take all your things to a small house. 
I wasted two hours a day commuting ...
PLAINTIFF:
... and then staying in a cubicle, ten to twelve hours a day.
She had been very fat. I was unhappy.
And I kept thinking, "What's wrong with me?
I should be happy. I have all these things.
 A beautiful house, a great husband. 
 And Logan was kind of like, "Well, 
 you could probably quit your job 
 if we simplified and moved to a smaller place. 
And I would say, "What the hell are you talking about?
I do not want to get rid of my things. "
 I found a video on YouTube, saw the little houses, 
 and I was thrilled. 
Hi, Earl.
What's up, dude?
 I think the most important thing for me, at least at the beginning, 
 was the financial side of things. 
 When we saw our budget and the values, 
 I was like, Let's just try. 
If I loathe the smaller apartment, we can always go for a bigger one. "
 I think there is this element of accessibility, 
 simplicity and sustainability that simply does 
 small houses look like the perfect solution 
 for a problem that we have not yet resolved, 
That is: how are we going to work?
DESIGNER SMALL HOUSES
... for our whole life.
For one to enjoy life with a little work here and there?
 For a long time when people were wanting
 buy the first home, they looked at their budgets 
 and said: "How much money do I need to spend?" 
 "I have $ 500,000, I will buy what $ 500,000 can buy."
 And the big mistake was that these people 
They did not have $ 500,000.
They had a loan that guaranteed them that amount.
And, of course, after a few years of people buying houses
Who, in fact, were not buying,
They only hoped to buy it someday,
The real estate market collapsed.
We fall 1.7 percent here, a loss of 37 points or more.
Apple shares are plummeting today.
We are down three or four percentage points
On average in these markets.
Let's talk about speed
With which we see this market deteriorate.
It was Wall Street's worst day since the 1987 crisis.
This may be the worst recession in decades.
And it means that life, as most Americans know, is about to change.
In some cases, dramatically.
I think where that left us,
On the verge of a recession, it was a great
 to buy a house of their own. 
The vision that really came withLifeEdited 
It's simply, "Hey, I think we need to take a step back here."
 We are basically a company focused on a mission. 
The mission of doing more with less.
 Then the prototype apartment fromLifeEdited
 started with me buying a 40 square meter land in New York
And launching a very aggressive program.
 What I was wanting was a lot. 
 Living at home for a couple, being able to sit down for dinner 
 to 10 or 12, to be able to receive guests in a civilized way. 
 And be able to work from home with some kind of desk. 
 Very quickly, I realized that a small place made a lot more sense
With respect to the environment, but also made more sense in other respects.
 One of the things we really want to do is design houses based 
 in A, how people live, and B, what really matters: 
Creating more social houses, you know, houses that actually
Approach people from one another.
 It was an incredible experience, 
 why change a space of 110 square meters, 
I've never felt more at peace in my life.
ILLUSTRATOR AND DESIGNER
 There are less things to worry about. 
 Our overhead was lower. 
 That's when I started saying: 
"You know, thisLifeEdited thing,this philosophy,
Maybe there's something in it. "
 A beautiful future for us 
 would be to do a very good financial development,
 had a much lower cost, 
 and had many developers copying what we do. 
So that this spread and we began to change the way we live as Americans
And change that philosophy of how much bigger, better.
I think we just started to re-examine the meaning
To succeed in life.
 But it's not that white fence anymore. 
 It's not that McMansion anymore. 
 I think people are starting 
 to notice that may have fallen into a trap, 
And who may have more control over their options
Than they thought they had.
 We're sharing a recipe. 
 You know, we're not here trying to convert. 
 We're not trying to convert anyone to minimalism. 
 But I want to share a recipe and see 
 if there are ingredients that are valuable for other people, 
 to apply these ingredients in their own lives. 
There is this basic dissatisfaction,
And I think it starts to manifest in our things.
And what I'm discovering as we travel,
 and we talked to so many people, 
 is that everyone is looking for meaning for their lives. 
We're at the Tucson Book Festival.
 We are getting ready, sign some books ... 
 and then, shortly after, we will give our talk. 
Dude, look at all these people waiting for us to sign the books.
Let's stay out here.
It does not seem like it's us.
If a person comes,
So let's go ahead and stay there.
Right.
-How are you? -I love your things.
Thank you. I'm a hug, man. I will hug you.
Yes, I follow you on Facebook and you will speak on this afternoon.
What time will it be?
 At 7:00 p.m. 
THEATER GALLAGHER
 Imagine a life with less. 
Less things, less clutter, less stress,
Debt and dissatisfaction.
A life with fewer distractions.
 Now imagine a life with more. 
 More time, more meaningful relationships, 
More growth, contribution and contentment.
 It's funny because people will surely come to us 
 and will speak, like: "I'm not a minimalist like you." 
I have a collection of books and I love books.
And I have a great, beautiful library and I love the smell of the books.
I love turning the pages. I love what you make me feel.
I love lending them to my friends.
And then talk about them. "
And I say, "Hey, keep your books."
 "It seems like you value your books a lot." 
And that's what I'd say about any kind of collection.
If you get a book or whatever, that's fine.
Just minimize it later.
But I'd like to get a hug from you too, you know,
We are big huggers. They are free and transferable.
Get one of us later.
 I was 27 years old. 
 I was director of operations of 150 retail stores. 
 It was December 23, 2008, 
I got a call from my mother.
 I emailed because I was in a meeting. 
 At 7:00 PM, looking at a flood of e-mails, 
 I noticed that I had a lot of voice messages. 
An era of my mother, she was sober for a while,
But I could tell by the message that she had drunk.
 In her voicemail, 
 She simply said, "Honey, it's me." 
 Can you call me back? 
She told me the doctors had found something.
And she discovered that she had stage four lung cancer.
 She underwent chemo and radiotherapy, 
 but in stage four, you can not usually escape. 
I went to the hospital. My mother was still in bed.
It was the first time I cried in my adult life.
 I sobbed wildly. 
 I kept saying I was sorry. 
 I did not even know at the time why I said that. 
 It was simply the only thing I could say. 
 I really wanted to spend more time with her.
"My mother's death still surrounds me.
And now, in the same month, my six-year marriage ends.
But even while Rome is burning,
There is still time for some shopping at IKEA.
See? When I left the house earlier in the week, loading
My many belongings in large packages, boxes
And in giant backpacks, my first impulse
Was, of course, to buy the things I
I still needed it for my new home.
 You know, just the basics. 
 A shower curtain, towels, a bed, and, 
 I need a sofa and a matching leather chair, 
 and an armchair, a lamp, a table with chair, 
 and another lamp there. 
 Of course, I can not forget the shelf 
 that matches the small table and the wardrobe for the bedroom. 
 I need a coffee table and a couple of small tables, 
 and a support for the TV that i still need to buy. 
And now that I think about it,
I'm going to want my apartment to be my style, you know,
In my own way.
So I need certain decorations to decorate everything my way.
But wait, what is my style anyway?
 And these stainless steel frames 
 express this type of style? 
 This Matisse sketch replica accurately captures
 my aggressive temper, but professional? 
How aggressive am I exactly?
 What coffee maker defines me as a man? 
 The fact that I am doing these questions
 to be a "male man"? 
 How many plates, and cups, and saucers does a man have? 
 I think I need a dinner table too, right? 
 And a mat for the entrance, and a bath mat. 
And that business, that business.
That looks like a rug, only longer?
Yes, a mat.
I'll need one, too.
And I'm going to need ... Damn, what else do I need? "
 My name is Sam Harris. I am an author and a neuroscientist, 
And I'm interested in how our growing understanding
About ourselves can scientifically, and should, and really
Should change our conception
Of what it means to live a good life.
 Gratifying desires in a very materialistic way 
 is really an interesting phenomenon. 
 You can have this thing you were obsessed about. 
 But then a new version is released, 
 which is more modern and has dozens of improvements. 
 When it comes to the new, modern, 
 the most desired status symbols, 
You can bet consumers will wait long hours in line for one.
 And now you no longer care for what you have. 
 In fact, the one you have is source of dissatisfaction. 
I think we are confused about what will make us happy.
 Many people think that material possessions are really
 at the heart of everything, 
 and they expect that satisfying every wish as they arise 
 will in some way provide a satisfying life for them. 
Faculty of Social Work
It is clear that, as human beings ...
PHD. COMPULSIVE ACCUMULATION
... we have strong attachment initially
In our lives for the people who are taking care of us.
 And sometimes it seems that this attachment is redirected 
 for objects, as if they were as important as people. 
I'm not sure if we have such a good relationship like this.
With things.
Give me that box!
Get off of me!
Why are you being so aggressive?
____You are scaring me!
 I was talking with author and sociologist Juliet Schor. 
And I said: "The problem of our society ...
AUTHOR OFNO IMPACT MAN 
... is to be too materialistic.
 And she actually said that if we think in some ways, 
 we are not materialistic enough. 
 We are very materialistic in the sense of everyday. 
And we are not too materialistic
In the real sense of the word.
 We need to be true materialists, 
 we really care about material goods. 
 Instead, we are in a world where material goods are 
 very important for their symbolic meanings, 
How they position us in the status system,
Based on what the advertisement or the media says about them.
The status quo in the fashion industry is now driven by short fashion.
 Maybe when our moms bought clothes 
 or our grandparents, there were four seasons in the year. 
Or maybe even two.
You are dressed for cold or for warmth.
 Now we work on a cycle of 52 stations per year. 
 They want you to feel out of fashion 
Week after week so you can buy something new
next week.
 There have even been reports 
 of great fashion retailers getting rid of all clothing
 a week, pricking them with scissors, destroying them, 
 and leaving everything on the side of the street 
 so nobody could resell them or even use them. 
 They want consumers to buy as fast as possible. 
The era of short-lived fashion,
In which we produce clothing with abusive work
So that we do not pay the labor cost
 and we do not pay the ecological cost 
 of these things, reduced both the price of clothing 
 what used clothes practically lost the value. 
 I like to think rice and beans cost more than used clothing. 
In historical terms, it's a world turned inside out.
 And this represents the economy 
 of an extreme and deep unsustainability. 
To a scholar of such things, it is breathtaking and terrifying.
 The short fashion was what happened to the clothing
 and then expanded to the consumer goods sector. 
 Almost everything from home right now 
 becomes a fashion object, 
 and this was simply a dramatic transformation. 
If you think about the concept of fashion,
It incorporates the idea that you can
 throw things away not when they no longer serve, 
 but when they do not have plus that social value 
 or are no longer in fashion. 
I think people buy because they are ...
AUTHOR OFZEN HABITS 
... trying to fill that emptiness within them.
 I know this because it was me. 
 But no matter how many things we buy, 
 or how many different fads we try, 
We do not become a more complete person.
We keep looking.
 This hunger is never satiated. 
 I think the reason is in fact 
 that you can never have enough of what you really do not want. 
In other words, deep down, we really
We do not want more things, more toys, more cars.
We want what they will bring to us.
 We want to feel complete. 
 We want to feel satisfied. 
 This irrational consumption, the same thing 
Which is not making us happy, is also causing
The degradation of our habitat.
 We can have 350 parts per million carbon dioxide 
 in the atmosphere. 
We are approaching 400 parts per million.
 This is being caused by burning oil, natural gas, coal,
 of all the fuels we use to fuel our consumer economy, 
 to feed the industries who do the things we do not need. 
This is real, and we really need to do something about it.
 We will never be able 
To achieve improvements in the environment
That we seek, if we continue to wait for our lives to be the same.
 We'll have to give up a lot. 
FRENESI BLACK FRIDAY INVADING DURING NIGHT
The secret is that many of these things will not be needed.
About four years ago or more
Who technically have no home,
But I go to new countries and rent apartments,
So it's from house to house.
Or maybe full of houses.
I simply have many houses, not just in one place,
not for long. It's always interesting.
 Go on a date or something and need to explain: 
 "Yes, I do not have a home." 
Maybe I should not start with that.
 When I began to reduce the number of things in my life,
 and started to get rid of basically everything 
That did not fit in these bags, I went and took pictures of everything ...
ENTREPRENEUR, TRAVELER IN COMPREHENSIVE TIME
... that I had in the world and I counted.
 As a result, I discovered that I had 51 things in the whole world. 
 I started living this way about four years ago. 
 I was managing a studio. 
I've always wanted to travel the world,
And had never left the country.
And that was kind of a sign of my failure in many ways.
 So I started a blog, I left my career in Los Angeles behind, 
 and started looking for something new, 
 Something a little different, and something a bit more aligned 
With what I wanted from my life.
And now I carry everything I own in my back,
As well as a hermit crab or a turtle.
 I was able to get rid of everything 
 that I had and that did not fit in a carry-on, 
 what a great decision and not something 
 I've waited since the beginning. 
I realized quickly that I would not need so much.
And I came to the conclusion that everything I left behind
Would probably be left behind forever.
What did this, after all, know that this path had been trodden,
The direction in which I was going, and these people, men and women
Successful, with all that money and prestige,
And all this professional history,
 they were not happy. 
 They are very successful, but not in an absolute sense. 
 Your dollars and cents indicate success. 
 It seemed much more likely that I could find something, 
 find a definition of success that would really take me
 to a place where I would be equally successful and very happy. 
 It seems that money can buy happiness in a way. 
 In world surveys, for people of less than $ 70,000 per year, 
 add greater material well-being 
Is correlated with psychological well-being.
 But when you begin to overcome this difficult limit to reach, 
 Money does not buy happiness. 
You can make more money, but you will not be happier.
 Jim Carrey has a phrase that says: 
 "I wish all to become rich and famous, 
 so they realize that this is not the answer. "
 The first answer is always this. 
"Well, it's easy for Jim Carrey to say, he's rich and famous, right?"
 CLUTTERFREE WITH KIDS AUTHOR 
And I think, "Wait, who else could say that?"
 I would need to be someone rich and famous to say: 
 "Not worth it." 
 We all need to have our basic needs met. 
Have a house, food on the table ...
AUTHOR,YOU CAN BUY HAPPINESS 
... you know, have security,
 It is very important to recognize this, 
 Because not everyone has these things. 
ENOUGH AUTHOR 
You think that more money will give you more security.
 The problem is that you do not necessarily 
 has control over earning more. 
One thing you have control of is spending less.
You have the control of having less,
And by having less, you automatically
Use what you have better.
 It's not much of a financial gain for me ... 
DESIGNER SMALL HOUSES
... it is about financial freedom, which is the ability
 Get up in the morning and enjoy the day properly. 
One part of why we consume one thing is that we work so long,
And many people do not find satisfaction in their jobs.
 And they need somehow to say to themselves 
 it paid off, that this is 
 more than a few numbers in the bank account. 
There is more. There is more to life than accounts, money and work.
 How do you win? 
You win by the traditional nicknames of success.
EX-BROKER WALL STREET
You win by how many zeros are on your paycheck.
 I remember sitting at Barnes and Noble's, 
 deciding what grade to take, 
 and all I was doing was flipping through a book.
 It was a book that showed the career and potential income through time. 
 That's when I focused on finance and accounting. 
My entire life began to revolve around winning, with a capital "V".
My whole life was based on being the guy who would be respected.
 I've had a series of jumps since I was in my 20s, 
 what brought me here in 2008. 
 I was earning a very high salary of six digits. 
 I had my office. 
 And on December 31, 2007, my boss called me into his office, 
 and said he would give me a promotion. 
And that was it. That's what changed everything.
He said I'd be a partner at the firm.
And everything I've always worked for
I was getting along well then.
You know, in banking terms, I had the treasure.
And I remember hearing that man say that,
And it was a kind of ethereal moment
Where I was watching it happen, you know?
I was almost ... I left his room,
And went back to mine, and just shut the door
And I began to cry,
Because I had realized that I had totally fallen into a trap.
And that I would never be able to turn away
Of that amount of money.
And any dream I had of living a purposeful life
And meaning, and be an adventurer,
And someone who would take risks of truth, and live a life
Conscious, with free will, was gone.
 When you see your pre-defined life, 
 and recognizes that this is nothing that ... 
 Why am I doing this? 
 The guy who is offering me the firm does not want to be like him. 
 I'm not jealous of his life. 
Maybe none of this is for me to begin with.
And maybe, if I do not leave now,
 I'll be that guy for the rest of my life. 
 I just took the elevator, I went down 28 floors and that was it. 
 And since then, decided that this life would be mine 
And it would be free and extravagantly mine.
You know?
Ready? Here it is.
Nevada.
That's it!
We're back, Nevada!
Yes. That was great.
WELCOME TO Fabulous LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
All these people are waiting,
And I'm not sure where they should be.
I'm thinking ... Want to take a look here?
Of course, we can do that.
 We are struggling to find seats for approximately 30 people. 
 This is the most disorganized night of touring, so far. 
We're in Las Vegas. You know.
And the space that we rent here, you know the reason there, is not ready,
Even though we paid rent space.
 Fortunately, there are wonderful people here 
 who are helping us a lot. 
Somehow, we'll make it work.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
It is funny. I used to think that being rich was making $ 50,000 a year.
So when I started up the corporate ladder, young man,
I quickly started earning $ 50,000.
But I did not feel rich. Something had gone wrong.
I needed to go back to the draft,
And found that it had not been corrected for inflation.
Okay, so we can pontificate just for this time.
We're really here to help, as Ryan said,
Then we would like to do what we call questions and attempts to answer.
MORADOR DE LAS VEGAS
You are dedicated, creative, innovative.
You have a sincere desire for humanity,
The same people the Wall Street wolves fear.
And to me, you are removing yourselves from the war.
If you're really talking about minimalism,
The total minimalist is a hermit, a recluse, or a monk.
And for me, that will not change the world.
Do you understand what I say? You are the only threat to the system.
You're right, there are two sides to the spectrum.
I think we should rather be in the middle of it, right?
Because I do not think there is anything wrong with consumerism.
The problem is compulsory consumerism.
Buy things because that's what you should do.
That is what propaganda tells us to do.
Or is this the magic model of happiness,
And then, when you get it, you realize
That does not make you as happy as you thought.
Yes, it was a great comment, thank you very much.
We're trying to destroy these Wall Street wolves. I'm serious.
-Amen. Give me a hug. -Yes.
Thank you very much.
I tell you, your personality and your conviction,
And answering all the questions, this charism,
They were connecting with people, as you can see.
It's about 4:30.
Yes.
And we'll be on TV.
 Good morning, 5:23 am. 
 Many of us want to buy the latest handsets.
 But this morning, I'm joining two men 
 who took what they call from a simpler path 
 and are living a life of minimalism. 
 Hello. 
Hello, we are here for the 5 o'clock time and for the 6 o'clock time,
Josh and Ryan with the Minimalists.
 I was living the American Dream and realized it was not my dream. 
 I looked at all the things I had in life 
 When my mother died and my marriage ended, 
 both things in the same month then kind of questioned 
Which really was important.
What things really added value to life?
And I realized that many things
That I had bought to be happy, did not actually do this job.
All right, good luck to you. Take care.
Do not exaggerate. Do not buy anything today, right?
Amen.
Good luck with that. We'll be back in a few moments.
Well that's. 5h30, the last ...
 Minimalism is not a radical lifestyle. 
Yes, I totally believe in quality instead of quantity. Right?
I'd rather have a good sweatshirt
Than a closet full of sweatshirts I do not like to wear.
I do not have many clothes now,
But all the clothes I have are my favorite clothes.
 Let's take a look at what I selected for ten months of travel. 
I'm wearing my only jeans, I have some jackets.
I have a short sleeve social shirt, some T-shirts,
A hairdryer
Every good minimalist has a hair dryer.
And lots of underwear. Here's a secret with briefs.
You must have an intermediate color.
It's how you differentiate the dirty ones
Of the ones that are clean ... wearing the red underwear.
Bag of hygiene products.
Everyone needs a bag of those, of course.
I also have a laptop, but that's all for ten months.
We do not really have a plan, which is basically our story.
 In 2010, when I was really getting into this cleaning process 
And simplification, I thought about the place ...
FOUNDER OF PROJECT 333
... in my house that had more things, and was my closet.
So I decided to create a minimalist fashion challenge,
To use less than I had.
 So in Project 333, the challenge for me 
 was to use 33 items for three months. 
 And the 33 items include clothing, jewelry, accessories, 
 and shoes. 
And that's where I lose people.
 For me it was a great way to really see what I needed, 
 what I was using, and whether it would make any difference. 
 And then I worked with advertising. 
He had many clients who needed to see daily.
I went to sales meetings,
And during those first three months, no one noticed.
 The story was shown by the Associated Press, 
 because many people were writing about it, 
 and putting it into practice and trying. 
In this video, I'll tell you more about how I plan my 333 Project.
Project
 And I thought, "Wow, that's it, 
 and they did not even notice. 
So I spent that year
Until leaving the job, without anyone really knowing
That I was using only 33 items.
 I practice this thing called Project 333, 
And that kind of helps me keep my organization simple.
I changed from a giant cabinet I had,
I do not know, I had about 100 dresses, to have now
This tiny wardrobe and be able to share
A closet with Logan.
And that made a big difference,
I just do not care
With what I am going to wear in the morning, because all things
In my wardrobes they are wonderful. At least I think they are.
 There's something about not being prepared 
 for all moments, which actually 
 helps you interact with your community. 
 Being pregnant, for example, is a very limiting period. 
I had social events to go
And I would tell David, "Let me see if I can find a dress."
And I thought, "Oh, my God, this is out of style."
Two months to go. The event is next week.
What am I going to do? So I called some of my friends.
"Hey, do you guys have some dresses that I can borrow?"
But in the past, I definitely
Would buy whatever I needed,
Because it's what you do.
You prepare for your situation.
The beauty of it is that it becomes very communal.
Our friends ask us for things.
We become close to people because of it.
 Mark and I were married in 2005, 
And a year later, I began to feel very bad.
He had bouts of dizziness, tingling, and fatigue.
 The following year was very bad, 
And in July, I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
And at first we were terrified.
Was difficult. It was a difficult time.
 I say immediately, my answer was not 
 that I had to simplify. I learn slowly. 
So I decided that I really had to work hard to prove that I was okay.
And then, I worked harder.
I exercised more.
I really forced my body during that first month
And I felt terrible.
In any disease or infirmity, one of the major factors,
One of the things that contribute to these things, in a negative way
Is the stress in your life.
 As we get rid of these things in our lives, 
 material things, and all the excesses with which we are accustomed, 
 Good things happen. 
Since then, I have not had what I would consider a relapse.
I'm in better health than I was before I was diagnosed.
 People always tell you, or at least they told me
 that in the early stages of EM you need to listen to your body. 
Listen to my body? I can not even hear my family.
I do not know how I'm going to listen to my body.
 And as soon as I started removing these things, 
I was able to finally realize
Which I had sacrificed for being constantly busy with my work.
 We have this ability to focus, 
But we are living in a context where we are constantly
Moving from one stimulus to another, in search of
 of the sensation of the dopamine, where we feel sensation of reward 
 with the incoming email, with the next re-sent, 
 or the next thing that comes to our phone. 
I think it's a price we pay for it.
 This really became a problem. 
 There is a Nokia study that shows 
That an average person checks the phone on average about 150 times a day.
 You walk the streets in any metropolis ... They are focused on the devices. 
 We're all in the Matrix. 
And it's easier not to think and just read the news,
Update your social media and consume.
 Because you can do whatever you want, 
You can potentially do anything you want.
ENOUGH AUTHOR 
But to do everything you want,
 You need to sacrifice things that really matter. 
 When it comes to overhead, the best way to solve this is 
Is off.
Seriously, just hang up.
It was shocking to realize that most of my life was an illusion.
 I came here on ABC News when I was 28 years old.
 I was a very ambitious young man. 
And the way I found to make up for my insecurity
As for me being a beginner, it was really plunging into work
And become addicted to work.
 And after September 11, I applied to travel 
 to cover the conflicts. 
 We were lucky this week 
 to have our reporter Dan Harris on a trip organized by the Taliban. 
 We arrived at night, a winding journey 
 by a single bumpy road to a city under attack. 
 I spent a lot of time in Iraq and Afghanistan 
 without really thinking much about the psychological consequences. 
And when I came home from a long trip in Iraq,
I went into depression.
 And so, I did something really stupid,
 which was to start self-medicating with recreational drugs. 
According to my doctor, it was enough
To trigger a panic attack when I was live on TV.
Let's talk now to Dan Harris, who has the news.
Dan?
News on health now.
One of the most prescribed remedies in the world
Can provide a great bonus.
Research shows that users of cholesterol-lowering drugs,
Called statins for at least five years,
May also reduce the risk of cancer.
But it is still too early to prescribe statins to fight cancer.
This is the news. We'll be back with Robin and Charlie.
 Raised the level of adrenaline in my brain which, according to my doctor,
 made me lose my mind on Good Morning America 
 in front of five million people. 
5.09 million people, according to Nielsen.
 That moment threw me on a strange road 
Which in the end led me to this thing that I never thought
That it was useful to someone, which was meditation.
 We ruminate on the past and future 
In a way that prevents us from actually connecting
With the present moment, in a way that values ​​it as being good enough.
 Meditation is a technique to find wellness 
 in the present moment, before anything happens. 
 You can be happy and satisfied simply by being aware 
 the sensation of breathing. 
 Very rarely are we totally dedicated to one thing. 
 We are interrupting ourselves, or allowing ourselves
Be interrupted by a series of information
And what would, in any other context,
Considered as distractions,
Today we think of them as necessary parts
Of our daily lives.
 If I leave my phone in my pocket and it is in vibration mode, 
Unconsciously, I'll move when it vibrates.
And I even move when it did not vibrate but I thought it vibrated.
And that ruins a conversation.
Like, those nanoseconds of distraction,
 I think they have a very damaging effect. 
 Everywhere I look, are small constant movements. 
This anticipation of novelty
 has the effect of turning us into laboratory mice
 that simply are pressed. 
 Meditation is a great antidote to this. 
 The people here on ABC News asked me 
 "Why are you meditating?" 
 In other words: "What's wrong with you?" 
 What happened to you? 
After a while, I began to respond:
"It's because it makes me ten percent happier."
And I could see the expression on their faces change, from contempt
And skepticism for one of interest, "That sounds reasonable."
"I would like this."
 One of the best advice I've ever had 
 in all my life was that of a teacher of meditation 
 named Joseph Goldstein. 
 I was asking him about the utility of concern. 
 In a specific context, I was asking 
 It made sense to worry about missing a flight. 
 And I was arguing about it: 
 "Look, you Buddhists are always saying what thoughts are just thoughts. 
That they do not necessarily have connection with reality,
But the fact is that if I miss the flight, I'll be screwed. "
And he said, "You are unquestionably right,
But there is a certain amount of concern that makes sense
And a certain dose that does not.
 Then, on the seventeenth time worrying about missing the flight 
 and think of all possible branches of it, 
 Ask yourself a simple question: 
 'Is this concern useful?' "
For a guy who spent his whole life worrying and thinking
That my concern was the advantage I had,
Because I knew that I would be more anxious and compulsive
That my competitors,
I realized that there is a certain amount of concern
Which is what I call constructive anguish,
And there's useless rumination that just makes you miserable.
 It's not that I'm watching all the time. 
You know, I still do a lot of stupid things,
And if my wife was here, she would tell you
That 90 percent is still stupid.
There is simply no doubt that I am an idiot in many respects,
 But I'm less stupid and less stupid, 
 and full of ideas, more focused and calmer. 
 We are on the road all year, 
 And just when I start thinking if we can, 
If we make a difference, Today Show calls us
And invites us to go on the air.
 Now we have an opportunity 
 share this with millions of people, which is the maximum. 
Dude, we're late, so we have to go.
The entrance is ...
What is the address? Is it 35?
Yes, but you'll see things from the Today Show armed.
Right there, there it is.
-Are you sure it's here? "Yes, down the stairs."
We're in this together.
 From NBC News, 
 this is Today. 
With Black Friday, Cyber ​​Monday,
Christmas shopping and stuffed stocks,
It may seem that the holidays
Are more about more and less about what really matters.
Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus
 see things differently. 
 They are what they call ... The Minimalists. 
In a hypothetical world,
What if one of you falls in love with a maximalist who likes things?
What would you do?
That is an excellent question. My girlfriend,
I do not think she would consider herself minimalist.
She has about 20 pairs of shoes.
Not bad.
It's nothing compared to what I have. Hello?
But what I will say is that she and I have very similar values ​​and beliefs.
We respect each other. We love.
"We love each other." -Great lifestyle,
Is a great subject for Today.
-Nice to meet them. -The last book of Minimalists,
 All That Remains,is in stores.
 What a concept. 
 Last night's event was incredible. 
 We showed up, the shop owner had placed 30 chairs outside.
 I asked him to add more chairs. 
 And he said, "Are you sure that you will need more chairs?" 
Ken Burns came here and filled all the seats.
I put 60 chairs in all.
And I said, "I think we'll have about 50 or 60 people."
Go ahead and bring the rest of the chairs.
And we ended up having about 120, 150 people.
 People were squeezed between the shelves. 
Thanks for coming to support us, man.
Thank you for everything you do.
I think your story came on time.
It's destiny.
You are my inspiration.
Wonderful, thank you so much for this. I'm happy to help.
Thanks for coming, brother.
 We see more, more and more people coming, 
It's great to see this message spreading.
 We are on our way to Los Angeles. 
It will be our biggest event so far.
 We expect the largest audience, and really think 
 that Los Angeles is a city that really can take advantage of this message. 
 Cars, houses and salaries of six digits. It may sound like a dream life. 
 Joshua Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus are on a world tour 
And are here to explain why anyone would give up these things.
 Opening a hand was really very difficult. 
 I'd like to say that it was as easy as renting a truck 
 and throw away all my stuff, but it was a process. 
I like to see how it's spreading like a fire, in a good way.
It's like a good disease.
An amazing study
Shows that a large number of children under the age of four
 have access to a mobile device, and some of these children 
 started using them before they were one year old. 
 We are building an environment 
 more interesting and more competitive for the consumer. 
 That means adjusting the signals that tell us about your interests, 
 and making sure we can control the message they will receive. 
 The Toronto Marketing Executive 
 wrote a review in Globe and Mail 
Saying it's time to stop advertising children.
 Advertising for children has been around for a long time. 
What has changed, however, is the amount of this advertisement and the vehicle
 where these advertisements come from. 
 Historically, companies 
 who have products aimed at children focused on advertising in mothers,
In making mothers wish to buy things for their children.
 What happens is that companies have decided to take the focus away from mothers 
 and focus directly on children. 
 I do not know the three most common words in American households. 
I do not know if it's "I love you" or "I want it".
 Five thousand ads that we see every day, 
 Since we were born. 
And they all tell us, "Hey, this is how your life should be."
It should be based on accumulating more things
Or about focusing on yourself.
If you have recently gone to a children's store,
Is quite incredible.
 All you could dream about was thought. 
The advertisers realized that there is this big market.
AUTHOR OFMINIMALIST PARENTING 
There are parents who want to give their children the best,
 and really work hard at it. 
IN 1983, COMPANIES SPENT 100,000,000 DOLLARS IN ADVERTISING FOR CHILDREN
IN 2006, THE COMPANIES SPENTED 17,000,000,000 DOLLARS
There is a problem, both process and content,
And the content problem is huge.
 The products that are advertised for children are junk. 
 Welcome to Mutant Mania Fight. 
 One hundred and twenty new characters for you to collect. 
 The secret is your flexible column! 
 It's a garbage culture. It's the food that hurts them. 
 They are stupid toys, that are gender and violent. 
I do not see a justification for subjecting children to this,
There is no positive social benefit in this.
 There is simply a negativity, 
 and is the political power of advertising 
 and the companies that produce the advertisements, which prevents us
 to do something about it. 
 I heard someone say, "There is a another word for minimalism, 
 it's called: be single. 
Yes, I understand how people think
Which is very easy if you are not married and do not have children.
How do I explain my own example of being married?
And have six children, which is totally anti-minimalist and very ironic?
 How do I have this minimalist lifestyle with these kids and restrictions? 
 Jaqueline and I are not so restrictive about, type: 
 "You have five toys." 
No, man. You can only have one truck. You can not have three trucks. "
When I was a kid, I did not have a GI Joe.
 I had about 100 GI Joes. 
We have received things well in our lives, but certainly with the intention
To think about what we are doing instead of simply consuming.
 When you live with other people 
 and it's a family, you can not just make unilateral decisions. 
"Okay, now let's get rid of everything and toss the TV out of the house."
There will be a mutiny.
 This is a bit frustrating, because you can not do it your way. 
 But it is also a very interesting experiment 
How you can progress as a group
And learn about it as a group.
 Early on, when we decided to live with less, 
We knew beforehand that minimalism would simply
Be the way we wanted it to be.
 I remember going through the process of getting rid of things 
 and finally say, "Okay, Sam." Let's go to your toys 
 and we'll get rid of things that you no longer need. 
 And we did not have any problems. 
My daughter is seven and she is very different.
 She loves every doll she has. 
It collects stones, branches and a lot of things
That she finds, and clings to them.
 You know, as parents, we need to set some limits, 
 but in the end, we let her choose what she wants. 
 I think he certainly is 
On a different level ...
CO-FOUNDER THE HOPE EFFECT
... of minimalism than me.
 He wanted to get rid of more things than I wanted to get rid of, 
 and then comes the appointment. 
His side of the wardrobe looks a lot smaller than mine.
And we deal well with it.
You know, I think one of the lessons
That we learned on this whole journey
 Our children are watching us. 
 And we can tell them how we want them to be like people, 
But, man, they absorb much more simply
Observing the way we live.
 This is the countercurrent of consumerism. 
Removing a little of those things provided a safe environment
Where they are able to become what they most want,
 instead of what the world will try to convince them to be. 
good Evening
It is clear that the real problem of our nation
Is much deeper than gasoline lines
Or lack of energy, deeper still than inflation and recession.
 In a nation that prided itself on hard work, 
 strong families, united communities, 
 many of us now tend to revere comfort 
 and consumerism. 
 The identity of a person is no longer defined by what it does, 
 but for what it has. 
But we find that owning things and consuming things
It does not satisfy our desire for purpose.
 We learned that accumulating material goods is not able to fill 
 the emptiness of lives devoid of faith or purpose. 
This is not a message of happiness or reaffirmation,
But it's the truth, and it's a warning.
 We think we need these things, 
 because we were told that we need these things. 
 Society has told us that we need these things. 
It has been so slowly, a small thing, that has just arrived
And suddenly it becomes what you do.
 This is really of an ideal based on values. 
 You want to get the most benefit 
 and get the maximum value with exactly what you need. 
Having too little will not give you this,
And having too much will not give you that either, right?
Having the balance, having enough, that's what you are looking for.
 If I had to review the American Dream, 
 it would be more about how to unite in community. 
 It would be more about a society 
Where there would be less inequality and more justice,
In which everyone had a chance,
 and was responsible for the planet and the environment. 
For me, that would be an American Dream.
 When you talk about not consuming, 
 people think you are trying to get something out of them. 
 But the great truth is that 
I think this movement is about
To seek a life that is good for ourselves
And good for the people around us.
 We are in Los Angeles now. 
 We are here for our biggest event. 
What we're trying to do is show people
That there is a different way of living.
 The people we bring into our lives, 
 we should always be with those 
 that share the same values ​​and that's what minimalism is all about. 
 It's about living with purpose. 
So every choice I make, every relationship, every thing,
Every dollar I spend, I'm not perfect, of course,
 but I constantly wonder: "Is this adding value to me?" 
 Am I being logical with this decision? 
 Go watch them tonight 
 at The Last Bookstore in LA, 7 pm 
 Thanks, Joshua and Ryan for coming. 
SPRING ARTISTS SET
 I did not realize that at the time, 
 but I was very focused on my ideal of success. 
My idea of ​​success was to make more money.
 Consumer relationships were a priority. 
 I did not pay any attention to the people closest to me, 
Including my mother.
 The great meaning of this message, the great reason we share it, 
 is to help people overcome this appetite for more things, 
 because it is a very destructive path to follow. 
I literally used people to sell cell phones.
 I used people to get bigger and better customers. 
 And what I love in my life right now is that I can be genuine. 
 And that there is no manipulation. 
 It's a great, great pleasure 
 Present Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus, the Minimalists. 
 Imagine a life with less, a life of passion, 
Free from the traps of the chaotic world around them.
 Well, what you are imagining is a conscious life. 
 It is not a perfect life, it is not even an easy life, but it is a simpler one. 
 What I discovered with minimalism 
Is that it's a way of saying, "Let's stop the madness."
 You do not need these things. Type, will not solve. 
That is not the answer.
 There is a growing movement, 
And I do not think it will stop.
 Now I'm surrounded by people 
 who are inspired and creating a great impact and social change. 
The depth of my relationship
Is beyond anything I could ever imagine.
 When you realize that this life is yours, 
And that is his only, and when it stops
Of being esoteric nonsense, when it is not more hippie romanticism,
 when the pragmatism of this truth 
 goes right into your bones, and you realize that's it, 
 everything changes. 
 I do not know where you are on your journey, 
 Where you are in your life, or where you are going on this journey, 
But we are very grateful to be here with us tonight.
So if I could give one last statement,
 one thing to take with you after all, this would be: 
 Love people and use things, because the opposite never works. 
 Thank you so much for coming. 
Translated by: Bruno Gonçalves
