OpenSubtitles.org require your login in mx player
for uploading subtitles, please login now
Hello Manu
Should I wait you for the dinner till you come?
I already had dinner, you too have.
Road is not good, I am driving slowly.
Come safely
Don't worry, We both will come safely.
I am reading a book, I will try to finish it by the time you reach here.
Shit, I got distracted and took Kamarattu road instead of Pedla road.
Manu I saw something here!
Tell me, where you are, I am coming.
Get the car out fast
Pandu, What happened?!
Instead of "Pandu", your name should have been Gaan..
I am not gonna come, The dog itself is like this!
And we are lying him that we are making a movie, I am getting scared.
I have solution for your fear. I had read it in some book.
If we are scared of someone,
just imagine him as naked, you will not be scared of him anymore.
I did not understand.
See, Jackfruit appears to be very tough from outside
but when you cut it open, what do you see ?
a soft fruit!
Lisewise, if a person appears tough, if you imagine him naked, what do you see?
a soft fruit?!
No idiot, a soft soul.
Sir, madam is asking what do you want for breakfast.
it is already 10 am, she has not yet done anything for breakfast?!
Good morning, I am Sandhya Barghav.
So you are the one who was irritating me with your calls?!
What movie are you guys planning to do ?
A movie based on Anushku's novel, "Wind's Shadow"
And who are you?
Me sir ?
Yes you idiot!
 "Imagine naked"
Sir, he is Nilesh, director of the movie
What?!! Director?? this guy !?
He looks like a school kid.
Sir, I am going to be 30 this August.
So? Should I Dance ?
I have not planned for a dance party, but if my friends arrange...
Mr. Sobers, We need to talk to Anushku about the script.
Anushku never talks to anyone either in person or over the phone!
Anushku is a famous novelist, we want people to know more about him through our movie.
leave his fans, even I do not even know if Anushku is a male or female!
We can find the gender easily, nowadays medical technology is so advanced..
Cant you say it just by removing the undies ?
Medical technology it seems... idiot..
Even I have not seen Anushku, neither have I talked to him.
Then how are you publishing his Novels ?!
He sends everything via post.
Then you must have his address right ?
If I have to send him, I send it to the post box address which he has given.
Can I get the post box address ?
Sandhya right?, I will let him know about you, lets see what he says..
Is the breakfast not ready yet, give me at least poison instead.
Okay, thank you... We will leave now..
What are you doing there stupid!
Give me your blessings sir
Go to hell.
Gautham, I just took a bath, take your sweaty hands off me.
dont worry, you can take a bath again
Dont irritate me, go take bath.
You will come behind me after bathing, It will be my turn to take revenge on you.
May be in your dreams.
I proofread the final draft of your novel.
I have printed the address on the envelop.
Gautham, at least wash your hands before eating something.
Lion never washes hand before eating.
Even monkey does not wash.
I have put all the printouts in that cover, you only have to finalize the cover painting.
Is the painting ready ?    Show me
Go take bath first.
I will hug you if you dont show me now
okay okay
"Harini", whose is this Harini ?
A neighbor had come, It is her dairy. She might have forgotten it here.
I will take a peek in her dairy.
You are not supposed to read other's dairy .
See here, a painting which matches your novel's title.
Rangitaranga!
A wave of life, Happy when you are up, sad when you are down- Rangitaranga .
Even I had not put so many thoughts into it.
go take bath.. I am going to have breakfast now, your son is hungry!
Indu, are you going have bath again after breakfast ?
I get to see you only at this place.
Is it for your grand daughter ?
Yes it is for my Granddaughter's birthday.
You had told that you will introduce me to your wife.
She is not feeling well, so does not come out so much.
Okay, I will come see you both when I come near your house.
Were you not able to sleep?, what happened ?
I got that bad dream again.
Do not take any stress, if you get afraid of anything just remember my face.
I will get even more scared then.
Gautham, you are bleeding!
Now ?!
Gautham, can I ask you for something ?
Anything for you.
I had told you once. My family left our native before I was even born.
We had a bootha temple there
My grandpa took all temple's gold and left the home.
We have not visited the temple after that
and the Bootha-radhane rituals are not happening there.
Bootha- aradhane means the rituals from Mangalore right ?
where they dress up and dance for the deity?
I know you do not believe all these things..
my grandparents and parents have died after leaving our native.
Last time we lost our baby. I almost lost you too.
Tell me what should I do ?
We shall return all temple's gold and start worshiping bootha again.
What if that bootha is behind all the deaths in the family. I do not want to take any chance.
When should we leave ?
If it makes you happy, yes.
We have a train tomorrow at 2pm. I have already booked tickets.
Did you know already that I will agree?
I knew.
wait a minute.
It is like the lotus on your hand.
what is your native place's name ?
Kamaruttu.
Can we leave now ?
Why are you in hurry Paanchali .
keen for your first night ?
We cannot hang out together anymore, you will get busy with all family stuff.
shut up
Paandu tell me the truth, did you really like her or she forced you to marry her ?
there is no difference between a suicide and murder, both gives you death!
Pandu, I do not have my car for 2 to 3 days.  Where are you going for your honeymoon ?
Ooty, why ?
Are you not ashamed of coming with a couple on their honeymoon ?
chill Paanchali,chill ..
Either stop calling her Paanchali or stop calling me Paandu.
Paachali was Paandu's daughter in law.
Then Shall I call you in 5 names?
After reaching Ooty, do you have any plans or going to stick with us there too ?
I have some other work bro!
What is it?
I have got some lead on a article I was working on. I am going to investigate on that.
Is it about that nameless writer... Anushku ?
You guys would be busy in resort right, so I will take your car.
If we have to roam somewhere?
Don't worry, you will not come out of your bedroom at all.
Do you think you gonna see him here.
Yes, I hope. If he has not left that place.
I am taking the Bootha ornaments trunk.
You have go by boat from here.
Can you take us to the other side ?
What man?
What happened ?!
Will you take us ?
You stay here, I will go talk.
Come lets go
All my bags are there.
Oh is it, okay ..
Why are you late ? Did you face any problem on the way ?
Road was not good and a tree had fallen on the road.
I tried calling you, but network was not there.
Here mobile phone does not work Anna.
They had put a big tower there. It got hit by lightning 2 years back.
What's your name ?
Rafeek.
Where is your house ?
It is very close, If I roll twice I will go right inside my home.
What is the way to Kamaruttu house ?
If you go by jeep it takes half an hour.
But the road is horrible.
If we go straight we will get Kamaruttu-Perla junction.
We have to take Kamaruttu road from there, you will see couple of houses on the way.
The biggest house you see among them would be the Kamaruttu house.
We usually go there by walk. Even now I will leave you in jeep and return by walk.
You talk a lot.
Do one thing, give me the jeep key, I will take the jeep.
You dont have to walk back.
I am used to walk. It is not a problem.
The road is really bad for you to drive.
Should I give you any extra money ?
I am not a money minded guy. People are more important to me.
Go safely.
you gave just 500.
How much more time is it going to take?
You can sleep if you are sleepy.
Person beside the driver should never sleep.
Oh is it. Then what were you doing so far ?
I was just thinking with my eyes closed.
I was able to hear your thoughts loudly.(snoring).
What the hell is wrong with you?
I saw someone on the road.
Where ?
Right there .
I would have seen it if someone was there.
Why do you always distract me while driving ?
See now, tire is stuck. What were you thinking ?
Sorry, tell me what you saw ?
Not sure, I might have seen a dog or cat.
The house should be near, Would you be able to walk ?
Lets keep the bag here itself, We can collect them later.
I see a bridge there.
Do not worry, I am here with you.
Gautham, what is that ?
Should be some hunters .
It is locked. I will go get the keys, wait here.
Is the house clean and ready ?
This should be the bedroom.
Surprisingly, electricity is working.
Lights are not working in the hall.
It is a really big house.
I should have got that small bag at least.
I cannot sleep without taking bath.
Shall I go get the bags ?
Indu, you are not supposed to do all those works.
Tap was not working. And there was no water to drink.
You should have woken me.
You were in a deep sleep. Did not want to wake you up.
Hey, what are you doing near that well ?
I was checking if the water is there or not.
just throw a stone inside, if it makes "blup" sound then water is there, else not.
I will remember that.
You seem to be new to this place.
I am Tenkabail Kaalingabhatta.
Gautham ? like Buddha !
When did you come to this place ?
We came just last night .
Oh! this is your first day here! I welcome you to our village.
Welcome to Kamaruttu
How are you feeling about this place ?
It is very beautiful. But also very mysterious.
You seem to have learned a lot about this place in just one day.
What you told as mysterious is true.
A few minutes back my wife felt like someone pulled her into the well.
Take a piece of advice. Do not search for answers to all the mysterious things in our village.
You will not find the answers anyway.
If you find anything weird around, stay away from it.
You seem to know something about it ?
If I tell you, You might laugh.
No no, tell me.
There is a belief that a Brahma- Rakshasa (Devil) lives in that well.
My grandparents used to tell me stories about deaths near that well.
Even now people say not to look back when someone calls near that place,
unless called thrice.
Why thrice ?
Devil only calls twice,
so do not look back untill someone calls you 3 times,
even if it is your wife's voice.
This is a problem, if I turn Devil would kill me, if I don't wife would kill me.
Can I get information about this post box number ?
I cannot do that.
I cannot understand the language, by my ears are just fine!

Do people hunt here at night ?
People used to hunt, but forest department has become strict , now nobody hunts.
Sometimes when Wildbore problems increase, they hunt them.
Last night while crossing the bridge,
 I saw fire at a distance and some strange noise.
I was thinking not to tell you, but since you are asking now..
Angara's ghost lives in that house.
Some people have even seen him near that house in his costumes.
You know Narnu..
Who is Narnu ?
The boat guy,
He saw that ghost once, and got bedridden for weeks.
Who is this Angara? is it Brahma- Rakshasa devil ?
No no, that is different. Only god know how may ghosts live in that house.
Okay, I need to get some things to the house, now leave me to the post office.
Hey Gautham, how come you are at post office on your first day itself ?
How come you are here ?
I am the post-master of the village.
Then I came to see!
What can I do for you?
I need a post box.
Hahaha..This post office does not have doors and chairs, how can we give a post box.
There is only one post box, at the post office.
I will be getting posts regarding my work. I do not give my home address.
Is there any other way ?
Give them the post office address, You can directly collect them from me.
Lets go to lunch,
who do we have here ?
Seeing someone at the post-office after many years.
This is Shankar master, head master of the school here.
This is Gautham, he has come to Kamaruttu house.
You look like a guy from city, what are you doing here ?
I am working for a US magazine, so I am doing some research on Dakshina Kannada culture.
I might have read your article.
The magazine only gets published in US.
Where? East coast or West coast ?
Entire USA.
Dont bore him with your lectures.
Kaalinga, you have your Yakshagana next week right?
Gautham, It might be helpful for your article.
He is the lead there.
This is the invitation, bring your wife too.
Sure, Indu would be happy to meet you and your family.
I am a bachelor, I do not have family, nor the stress.
Then you can wait until called thrice!
I will explain it on the way.
Stop here
Why Anna ?
Get all the stuff to home, I will come there in a while.
It is going to rain.
It will stop. You leave now.
Who are you ?
Anna, my name is Girija
What are you doing here ?
My house is nearby Anna.
Manjakku is my mother in law.
Manjakku means that old lady who looks after our house, right ?
She cannot look after anything, someone has to look after her!
Actually I am the one who cleans Kamaruttu house, once a month.
Nobody lives in that house.
We will be staying in that home. Please come and clean it everyday.
My wife is pregnant. Help her if she needs anything.
I will come tomorrow Anna,
 I cannot come daily, I have other works too.
I will come and clean the house weekly once okay.
Okay.
Dont roam around  in this place.
You will be all well. Take my special tablets okay.
What about you? Hold it up!
Doctor,  Shouldn't he lay down for doing that ?
Who is the doctor? me or you? idiot!
Whats the score ?
2 wickets are down.
Who all ?
Kohli, clean bold.
He is useless. He is just fit for showing off.
You can come after a week and get the stitches removed.
Or else you can just pull the thread yourself.
Doctor, is it a zip to just pull it like that ?
Go give that urine sample to the lab idiot.
You seem to be new to this place.
yeah, came here just 2 days back.
I am staying in Kamaruttu house.
special tablet, morning once, noon once and night once.
Take until gets over.
Over? tablet or me ?
Both.
Is a medical store nearby ?
Clinic, Hospital or medical shop, this is the only place.
Thats a special tablet, you will be fine in 2 days.
Did you see my watch anywhere Indu ?
It should be somewhere near the table.
No it is not there.
Okay, I will find it, now put the old watch.
I will come fast. Don't wait for me .
It is really difficult now. You get sand only in few places.
Hello sir, I am Gutham. Kaalinga invited me.
He has told me about you. American writer.
Just the magazine is American.
Why man, you think our magazines are not upto your standards ?
Nothing like that.
Event organization has been very well done.
We are doing this event from last 35 years.
You wont be able to see an event like this anywhere else.
You watch the show.
Where is the Bhagavatha ? is he asleep ?
I am not getting sleep even if I want to.
See this is what happens when you sleep at work.
It is better to sleep at work than to make the students sleep with your lectures.
Both of you have blessings of Nidra-devi, both are BRILLIANT
There is no doubt that you are a writer!
Gautham, I am happy that you came. Didn you get your wife ?
She is not feeling well. So she stayed at home.
Okay, thats fine.
Where had you disappeared ?
I thought I saw someone familiar.
Where is Shankar master ?
He told he had some work, so he left.
Anna, Which way should I head to reach Ballechal guest house ?
This itself is Ballechal .
And Kamaruttu from here ?
Just 4 miles that way .
Colored face.... red eyes....colored face... red eyes
Tell me slowly now.
Gautham there is something in this house.
I saw it dancing yesterday...
It should be a dream.
No no... it was real...
It must be the Bootha..
May be it is angry that we have not started the rituals.
You have burnt your hand!! See what you have done to yourself.
I will go get the doctor.
No no.. Do not leave me alone here.
I will go get the doctor now.
Later we shall discuss about the arrangements for the rituals and pooja.
Just trust me and listen to my words.
Just get some rest. I will come fast.
Gautham, I have to tell you something very important.
We can talk when I return.
If something happens to me. you should know this.
Nothing will happen.
What will you do if your Indu would not be there.
You are here with me.. just sleep..
I will be back soon.
Is Akka awake? How is she feeling now ?
Start the car.
You are simply wasting the time. Do you need so much time to take my complain ?
Main officer will come now, wait..
I do not like some things.
One of them is calling me to the police station in the middle of the night.
I do not like people talking in loud voice in my station.
Do not interrupt me while I am speaking.
Get me a tea.
You, come here.
What is the issue ?
My wife is missing.  She is a pregnant. 8 months.
Since when is she missing ?
from 2 hours.
Is that a joke ?
If I start taking complains like that I should open a counter here.
On what basis can you tell she is missing?
She could have gone to a friend or a relative's place.
Go home. She will come.
We do not know anyone in this village.
Also she was not in a situation to go anywhere.
Is any money , gold or anything missing from your house ?
Nothing
Has the house become messy ?
No
Then how can I take the complain.
If she cannot walk, someone known should have taken her with them.
I said we do not know anyone in the village.
Keep your voice down. I dont like that.
Someone shot me 2 days back. You bring him and question him.
Do not tell me how to do my job.
Who shot you?Why did not you complain about it ?
It did not seem that important then.
Someone tried to shoot you, and it did not seem important..
and now your wife is missing for just 2 hours and it is very important ??
We are simply wasting the time here.
You are the one who is wasting my time here.
You are playing some sort of game here...
or else she eloped with some other guy....
 who could it be ?!
May be with the guy who shot you.
Yes, that is why he shot you.
Who are you, who looks like a flower..
Sorry, I did not see you there, I just came in.
It is my luck that you came.
How can I help you?
I need information about a post box.
I should put an application for some postboxes.
Rarely people used to come here, now people are asking for post boxes.
No, not to open one... Need info about a particular one.
this is a small post office,there are no post boxes here.
You said someone else was also asking about the post box right ?
Who was it ?Actually I am trying to meet him. Found the forwarding address from Ooty.
He has given the responsibility on a trust, I cannot do it without his permission.
 It is very important for me to talk to him.
I will ask him, if he says ok, I will tell you.
Okay, until then I will come everyday to bug you.
If a girl with moon like face comes to meet, it is never a problem.
you are a poet!
What is that mark on your face, did you take part in Bootha dance ?
It should be from my bike.
I think I should take bath everyday after riding bike.
Take a car man, stop riding the bike.
Indu Suwarna.. When did you see your wife last time ?
Yesterday evening, at around 6 o clock.
From how many years are you married ?
6 years
Did you both fight recently?
No
Do you have her recent photo ?
No
Any other picture of her ?
She did not like getting photos.
Not even marriage pics?
Everything got destroyed in our old house gas explosion.
Are you telling me a fairy tale ?
okay.. what was she wearing when you last saw her ?
Yellow color kurta.
who else is there in your house ?
Noone,
an old lady called Manjakku stays near our house,
with her daughter in law, Girija.
They look after our house.
Was there anyone with you when you last saw your wife?
My driver, Rafeek.
We went to the clinic together.
Aye, come here.
Do you have to do something with the woman missing from Kamaruttu house ?
I swear I do not know anything about it.
I am just their driver, you can ask your driver.
Did you take him to the doctor that day?
Yes, that lady was not feeling well.. so
How was her face when you saw her last time.
Like was she frightened ?
I don't know that. She was sleeping inside the house.
Do they both fight with each other ?
Hmmm. She is pregnant right, so she never used to come out of the house.
But Anna was telling that she gets sick very often.
You may leave, Come near the station when I call you.
Me ? okay sir okay.
What did I do? I am innocent as a baby.
Call the old lady, I need to question her.
She is blind and deaf, she does not understand anything.
And your husband ?
He died 3 years back.
What do you know about Kamaruttu house and that lady.
Why!? Did he do something to his wife!?
What do you mean ?
Just asked. That guy was little weird.
He roams around here and there.
How about his wife ?
I don't know. I went to clean their house couple of days back.
But I did not see anyone at the house.
You may leave now.
Did you find anything about my wife inspector ?
You will not get your wife. Just go home.
Do not speak so irresponsibly.
Do you want some more punches?
I just want to know about my wife.
If she is lucky she would be in heaven or else in hell.
Is she dead?!!
Yes, she is dead.. "The End"
Indu Suvarna, she died in an accident near Bulerikatte.
When did this happen ? Where is her body ?
You should know it. You are the one who cremated her.
She has been dead for 6 years now.
Are you kidding ?!! She was with me all along.
You are the one who is kidding here.
I questioned everyone.
Nobody has seen your wife except you.
So I investigated about it.
I think we are not dealing with a police case here,
 it is a mental case.
She died 6 years back. She is just there in your mind.
Advice that Colonel Babu not to shoot on everyone he sees.
Call Colonel Babu here!
Don't worry about that reporter . He doesn't know anything.
He is not even a reporter actually.
He is some sort of freelance write.
Are you out of your mind? Why did you shoot that mad guy ?
I am sorry.
For him, his hand works before his mind.
He thinks that this guy has done something to his wife.
Be careful. He is searching for you. Dont get caught.
Gautham, you should stay strong
You should think what should be done now.
Gautham, When we lose something close to us,
Our mind make us believe that we still have it.
We cannot identify the what is real and what is not.
See Gautham, I agree that the inspector is a rude guy.
But what if everything he told was true.
Just think about it.
How is it possible that nobody has seen her in this small village.
One guy has seen her.
Who!!?
Rafeek... Where is Narnu's house ?
Narnu's?.. Why Anna ?
Take me to his house.
go fast.
This is Narnu's house.
Hello... Is someone home ?
Anna, Naarnu was acting all weird from 4 days.
That women was his wife. Now even she has gone crazy.
Where is Naarnu ?
He died just 1 hour back!
What!!   How??!
He got bit by a snake.
From 4 days he was acting as if he saw a ghost.
long back he had got sick once, after seeing a ghost.
How many more sacrifices would that Guddada Bootha want ?
 Sorry, I thought you as someone else.
I mean, I was fighting with someone. I thought you were him.
Why were you fighting him ?
My wife is missing from 3 days. He is the reason for that.
Are you married ?
How would I have a wife without getting married?
Yes, I am married , from 6 years.
My mistake. I was asking you nonsense questions.
Where shall I drop you ?
My car is at the same place, drop me there.
One minute, I think this is yours.
So according to police, Indu died 6 years back?
But she is missing from last 2 days.
Police might have confused her with someone else.
You should have asked them to check again.
But they do not listen to me.
But they should. What if she was not involved in accident ?
We both had a major accident 6 years back.
Indu had some minor injuries.
But I have lost all my memories before that accident.
When ?
April 2007.
So do you think  police are telling the truth ?
I dont understand anything.
Everything was just fine 2 days back.
Now I am not getting what is real and what is not.
Can I use your phone ?
It was pleasure doing business with you.
Was it good?
First, put your spectacles properly. Get lost.
Pandu, I have an urgent work for you.
Urgent ? Tell me what is it ?
I need info about Indu Suvarna.
According to police here she died in an accident.
Are you asking for the info or giving it ?
Why do you want to know about the dead, Sandhi ?
I will call you tomorrow. Be ready with all the info.
By tomorrow ?
Tomorrow is an ominous day...
Oh Akka, they found you ?
You know how stressed Anna was ?
I was more stressed than him. People had started doubting on me.
sorry, I did not introduce myself.
I am Rafeek, Driver..
Who was the guy who ran away yesterday after seeing me ?
He is Calonel Badu, he is like a big wrestler here.
He is a servant at Mahabala Hegde's house.
I am getting late, I will leave now. Keep the Jeep with you.
Why would he attack you without any reason ?
What if he attacked you for trespassing or something ?
What do you mean ?
something is there in that place, he might be protecting it .
We should go there and check it.
First I will drop you near your car.
We should not waste time now. Lets both go there and check that place.
I don't want to involve you in this dangerous thing.
Dont worry. I am a journalist. I am used to all these.
An illegal sand transportation!
I think they are transporting it to Kerala across the border.
He might have thought you are investigating about this, so attacked you.
You dont get mobile network here.
I am not making a call.
Wait here. I will come back soon.
You go back if I would not return in 10 minutes.
Did you find him ?
Hahaha...Are you searching for your wife ?
Where is she?!
Missing people are never found back in this village.
In case if I find her...hahhaa
He does not know anything
Then how did he have your watch ?
Yes, Even I am not getting that .
Lets leave.It is not safe to be here.
Gautham, What happened ?
There are rats running in my stomach, give me something to eat.
Wait for sometime man.
Stay away from that Mahabala Hegde. He is very influential.
I just want Indu.
I dont care If I have to go against Mahabala hegde for that.
Colonel Babu was telling that many others have gone missing in the past..
Do you know anything about it ?
It is true.
Last July, My neighbour's wife went missing.
Does it have to do something with the Guddadha Bootha ?
There was a guy called Angara in our village .
He was taking part in Mahabala Hegde's event every year.
He was little creepy though.
Angara went missing in 2001 during the time of Mahabala Hegde's event.
That midnight they found his body tied up on a tree near Kamaruttu house.
Only his body, they could not find his head.
Nobody knows how he died.
Some say that Mahabala Hegde murdered him.
Some others say that Brahma-Rakshasa killed him.
Since then, mysterious things are happening in this village.
Every year, 11th day from his death day,
a loud screaming noise comes from that mountain.
Gautham, Guddada Bhootha is as real as you or me.
We need to collect info about all other missing people.
We can get info from police records.
Where are you guys heading to ?
Any problem ?
Just answer my question.
So, you found your wife!
She is my friend.
Friend?
Where are you going in middle of the night with her ?
Is she your night friend ?
Show some respect!
I do not have to give respect to you.
I am like this. I will stop all your game.
I have already got many complains on you.
why do you poke your nose in others business?
Pack your bags and go back to where you came from.
If I see your face again....
Sorry, he took away your phone because of me.
No worries, I have the memory card with me.
see how helpful the police is !
Police station is this way right ?
Yes
But he is going that way.
So ?
Come..Don't get wet in rain.
You stay here. I will go check.
You need someone to hold umbrella.
It will take a long time to search in this mess.
Everything has been arranged date wise.
But how can we get only the missing cases files?
if only we had a different section for all missing cases.
According to Shanker Master, his neighbor went missing last July.
Lets search in July 2012.
I got it!
Pushpalatha Rai, Age 32, Missing since July 7, 2012
This lady went missing on July 7th
Indu went missing on July 7th, very next day of Mahabala Hegde's event.
Angara, Age 26, July 7, 2001, Murder
Get all files in July month from 2001 till date.
Hye, stop the vehicle.
Why has he stopped his vehicle here.
We just need 2003 and 2009, Search that way.
Idiots, why the hell are you sleeping during work hours?!
Had someone come to the station ?
No sir, nobody.
You were sleeping, how would you know stupid.
There is a vehicle outside, do you know whose ?
No sir no..
Go search outside and get the Vehicle near the station.
If they were coming to station, they would have parked near.
Why have they parked it so far?!
Swith on the Record Room lights.
His Jeep is here. They would not have gone too far.
Start my vehicle.
See I told you.
Hide in Police station to escape from Police.
Your car is 2km away from here.
Can you walk till there ?
I can even run!
I cannot stay in this dress anymore.
Did you go back just for that Umbrella ?
It was raining right..
Actually, this was in my Mom's hand when had they first met.
I always keep it with me.
It reminds me of them.
I am sorry.
No no.. they are still alive!
I am always away from home because of my work. So..
I did not get what you were doing near Narnu's house?
Should I lie or tell the truth ?
I will believe whatever you say.
I was searching for you.
Why?
I know who you really are!
You are the famous novelist Anushku right ?
Shall we leave ?
Is front seat ok for you ?
For what ?
To sleep.
Police would be waiting for us at the home.
It is safe and comfortable too.
12 years, 12 missing cases!
All on July 7th.
Do you need anything to eat?
Nothing.
Pandu, what all info have you collected ?
Sandhi, I am a little busy right now.
Whatever it is, stop and talk to me now.
It is hard to stop. But I will talk to you.
Indu Suvarna died in that Accident, I confirmed.
Even her husband Gautham Suvarna died in it.
What ?!
Yes, The car caught fire during the accident and both died.
There was one more girl in the car, her name was.. Harini Ranganath
What else do you know about that Harini Ranganath ?
She is an orphan. She was staying in a working women hostel in Bangalore.
She was working as a yoga instructor.
Ok man, continue your work.
and Siddharth too...
I dont understand anything, I am totally confused.
First they said Indu died 6 years back.
Now they say even I died 6 years back.
Gautham relax. There should be some reason for this. Just think.
Do you know who this Harini Ranganath is ?
Yes, there was a dairy at my home with "HARINI" written on it.
But, Indu..
Is that dairy still at home ?
I do not know.
Search there.
"Something we dont know cannot bring us pain"
I did the same thing with you as well. Knowing that it was wrong.
Gautham, there are 2 parts to my life.
My life before you , and life after you came in it.
I feel like telling you both the parts.
But I do not know how to tell it.
6 years ago, Bangalore
Indu was a friend from my college days.
Gautham was her husband.
We met after 2 years at our friend, Shilpa's marriage.
Indu told about going to her native Kamaruttu to restart her family rituals.
How are you Indu?
How are you Harini ?
Harini, I need to talk to you.
Sorry I am busy now.
I am Pramukh, my dad is a city corporate.
I am Gautham.
So who is he?
He is a creep!
After grandpa left the village, nobody is doing Bootha rituals.
Both my grandparents died in 2 years of leaving the village.
Both my parents died in an accident.
We want to return all temple's gold and start the rituals again.
Did everyone in your family agree to this...
They were only angry on my grandpa. I am going there for the first time.
My name is not Indu... My name is HARINI !
You are Gautham to me. But I do not know what you were before that.
Siddharth...Siddharth...
Wave of life....Sad when you are down and happy when you are up.
Life is a colorful wave! - Rangitaranga
I was thinking about our marriage.
Inside the ocean, Underwater
Everything will be the same, but underwater.
We both will be dead before you even know.
We would have put oxygen mask.
ok ok..
Or else, if we get married while doing a sky diving ?
What if we get married in a graveyard ?
Shut up. I am just giving creative ideas.
We get married only once.
What if I get married to somone else ?
You will see!
Do you have to go this year too ?
I always be with you, but once a year I get a chance to meet my old friends.
Go to your stupid Bike trip, dont come back to me.
It is not just a bike trip, it is my mom's 10th death ceremony.
I want to go visit her grave too.
You dont have to go till there, you have her on your arm right, Kamala ? (Lotus tattoo)
Put a monkey's tattoo on the other hand in memories of your father, Hanumatha
Are you angry on me ?
Stars all over the sky,
Mantapa near the shore, and a boat with musicians.
I will be among them as a groom, they will escort me to the mantapa...
How should I come ?
The address will be there on the invitation, come by auto.
Do not leave without having the food.
One more boat, with many lamps on it.
And you sitting in between..
You will walk down the aisle and come beside me...
Then..
then what ?
Then we will get married..
I was waiting for the bus to go back after finishing the marriage.
Pramukh came there.
I had come near your hostel. You were not there.
I was at my friend's place.
Join me for a party today.
No , I cant..
Or else we can party right here..
I was out of my senses. I do not know what I did in that moment.
what happened Harini ?
Dont cry thinking about me.
I will come back soon.
We will do one thing. You come with us.
If anyone asks we will tell that you were with us from yesterday.
Which way is Kamaruttu ?!
I will go ask someone.
Ask him the way for Kamaruttu.
what ?
How should we go to Kamaruttu ?
There is a small road near by it seems.
Harini, relax.
I got scared seeing police at the hospital.
Unknowingly I told my name as Indu and your name as Gautham .
I grew an attachment with you.
So I made up some stories about your past.
I lied you that we lost all our stuff in our old house gas explosion.
We started a new life at some remote place so that nobody finds out the truth.
I cannot go back to my old life.
I also fear of losing you.
one day I will tell you everything.
I don't have enough courage yet to tell you.
I am not sure if Gautham is my real name or not.
I dont know anything at all. Whatever I know is just a lie!
My life is just a lie!
I can't even imagine what is happening inside your head right now.
But first we should find Harini .
Indu...not Harini... her name is Indu..
Focus.. This means your wife is not dead. She is still alive!
But we need to find her soon.
Lets see if we can find any clue with the information we have.
First missing person, 2001, Anusuya Bhat... complained by T R Bhat.
Did you say he was a mad guy? See what happened now!
Colonel Babu is not going to wake up for 4 weeks.
You dont worry about anything. I recovered her phone.
If I see him again, I will kill him.
Where is this phone's memory card ?
Just tell him the truth..
It will be too much for him to take it right now.
2001, Anusuya Bhat's number is not working.
I spoke to 2005, school teacher Kriti,
also with 2007- Renuka Naik
Almost done with everyone.
2002, Rashmi Alva....hmmm
Her husbad, Manoher Alva's number is not getting connected.
Rashmi's car was found near Kamaruttu junction.
Same place where your Jeep had got stuck.
Where is their house exactly ?
What is the meaning of ANushKu ?
Is it like name of some god ?
Anonymous Ashok Kumar (ANushKu)
What ?
Anonymous Ashok Kumar... Aa-Nush-Ku
Anonymous - one with no name ?
Do you know what an Anonymous would be called in our Courts ?
Ashok Kumar ?!
Ashok Kumar
I thought there would be some deep meaning to it.
I just realized that I have never called you by your name.
Sandhya..
means.. evening..
Even my Jeep was stuck at the place where your wife's car was found.
I need all the information about that incident.
Like places you searched her for, all the things you found.
11 days after she went missing, a loud screaming noise was heard from that mountain.
I had never thought I would not see her and my baby again.
Did you miss your child too that day ?
She was 7 months pregnant when she went missing.
Gautham... there is some connection here.
Guddada Bootha is responsible for all these things.
I called everyone again. 8 cases were pregnant.
That too, in 2 cases on the family knew that she was pregnant.
I think every time on that day a pregnant women gets disappeared.
Only the doctor can know who is pregnant, except the family.
And he is the only doctor around here.
He was not there the day Indu went missing.
Don't act in haste.
Don't do anything if you are not 100% sure.
So what now ?
Police is behind us.
Should I wait until he tells me in my ear ?
Leave that to me.
What problem do you have ?
I feel like puking in the morning from few days.
I feel very tired.
I am having a craving for sour food.
You don't worry. Our doctor is expert in making kids!
Go get 2 teas.
From how many days are you feeling this ?
from 3 days.
Have you consulted any other Doctors ?
No
Are you married ?
I did not see your Mangalya locket.
Dont get me wrong.
Do you have any boyfriend ?
Come inspector!
Are you not feeling well ?
I am fine
I am searching for Gautham, that new guy.
I saw him last time at Hegde's event. Not after that.
Let me know if you see him anywhere.
There would be a girl with him.
One of my patients is using the toilet.
Call me if you get to know anything about him.
Open the door!
Whats happening here?!
Where is Indu ?
Indu?? who ?
I don't understand anything!
About he pregnant women who goes missing every year ?
If you are asking about Anusuya, I have not done anything.
Anusuya who ?
Anusuya Bhat, the first missing case.
She went missing on the day Angara died.
What do you know about Anusuya ?
 I will tell you.
Me and Anusuya were college mates in Mysore.
We were in love with each other.
Later I came back to Kamaruttu and started my profession.
As a coincidence, she got married and came to Kamaruttu
I started having an affair with her.
She got pregnant. There was a fear that the baby was mine.
One day when I was at her house, I heard someone coming in.
So I ran away.
But after that she was missing.
After 10 days, I heard a screaming voice from that mountain.
I am pretty sure it was her voice.
I was too scared to go see there.
And I was not able to tell that to anyone too.
 I am not able to believe it. I think the Doctor is behind everything.
It could be him. I did not have enough time to question him.
I will keep this document safe with me.
Have hot tea
Guests are like gods.
Who is this?
My wife, she died long back.
Why is your name mentioned here as Tenkabail Ravindra Bhat ?
This the actual name given to me by my parents.
After seeing my performance people started calling me Kalinga Bhat.
named me after the great artist Kaalinga Navadar
it became permanent.
What are you thinking Gautham ?
Doctor seems to be innocent. Who else can get the pregnancy report ?
My name is Tenkabail Kaalinga Bhatta
I am the post master.
You name is mentioned as Tenkabail Ravindra Bhat ?
Complain given by T R Bhat.  missing person 2001, Anusuya Bhat
My wife, who died long ago.
I had an affair with Anusuya.
She started feeling that the baby was mine.
Your post will be safe with me.
Anusuya Bhat, w/o T R Bhat - TENKABAIL RAVINDRA BHAT
that is Kaalinga, right ?
Why didn't you tell me before ?!
Gautham please, I will tell you wait.
I did not know Kaalinga had filed a complain for missing.
He has told everyone that his wife died at her Mother's place while child birth
Is there any relation between the screaming and this ?
Doctor's lab report reaches the post office first.
Only Kaalinga could check the lab report except the Doctor.
When we lose something close to our heart, it makes us feel that it is still with us!
How did you come so early ?
Who was he ?
Nobody...
Who ?
Was he him ??
Angaraa..
Anusuya, Did you sleep well?!
What do you need ?
Anything to ear or drink?
I have got your favorite sweet laadu..
eat
Why?? Didn't you like it ?
Don't you like it if I feed you ?
Do you want your Angara to feed you?!
Dint I keep you happy ?
Why did you need him ?!
Don't you like me ?
What do you like in him ?
His charm?? His body ?
or the costume he puts  ?
Would you like me if I wear costume like him ?
How do I look now ?
You like it this way right ?
tell me..
How is my costume ? Do you like it ?
Are the colors nice ?
Please leave me, this will not happen again. Please..
I am in lot of pain.
Do you know what day is it today ?
It has been 11 days since you Angara died.
This is his funeral food!
Eat... eat
Nobody is there at home.
I have called the police.
WHY THE HELL DID YOU CALL THE POLICE?
Every year you hear that screaming sound right ?
In the evening?
Even Doctor told the same thing about Anusuya.
Yes, from that mountain,
there is Kaalinga's old house present near by.
11th day means, July 18th... means today!
I don't know what Angara had to do with this.
But we do not have much time left.
Come this way.
Anusuya, see what I have got for you ?
eat...eat.
Do you know what day is today?
your Angara's Funeral day!!
Please take me to the doctor.
Not to the doctor.
You want to go near your Angara.
I do not know who Angara is!
YOU ARE LYING!
ANGARAA..
Many politicians and even police officers are also involved in the illegal sand mining.
The police officer has been suspended.
I have to tell you something.
Yeah, tell.
Come, I will introduce you.
Someone else if waiting for you inside.
You wanted to tell something ?
Don't go searching for your past. You have all you need here.
OpenSubtitles.org require your login in mx player
for uploading subtitles, please login now
