Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
There are two complicated mainaihaekauṭama all.
.. When born, when people die.
The first one did not find answer sense .. The second one still can not find answers together
But I need it the day Ayyar
Death is my life centers to begin counting
I'm just going out here
I am alone
I know only two doctrines
Kill or die
I'm looking for three witnesses to answer questions
One problem for many years to come
I have thousands of people in a village alone
One leader who loved four men
I found the girl of his life to stay ready to go
The land that changed my life
The death of several people in three minutes, ten
I come alive so far.
This is my story
Every one is a hero blueprint that
No matter how much trouble he
She has lost everything to the man
But my father did me a great height seasickness safely
Satayamaūratai
Starting thirty thousandth
Million three hundred were found
Still have a right to tell her ... not interested in money, things got much my dad
She likes people a lot of money to get him .. I'm able false
Hey everyone .. I go to the bar to tell Lynne R. Gold
Hello Babu
Why do not you sense that you give people money
Said his wife is sick .. the money given medication and sent ..
Bar with friends, not going to the hospital ..
Dad said once more if you raævaṭaenavada
I will never forget my dad answered it ...
I would like to talk a lot younger, father and baby tiger
One child shout daesarayaeka his condition is tempting to lie tiger
But when my father was not a Tiger
Tiger came the third time really because the child really scream. I think not going to lie to my father
The son was not time left
Although not what Dad would've gone a third time? The child had survived
Only people living tattooing everything is
Hey ... my people do bad things, try to do fraud,
Do not care to know that fraud - all work
The little if any of the other things I do not care
My father explained to me a strange new thing too
Sweet is the responsibility of the wife to her vision. Children, a burden to bear with love
But according to my vision, one can not forget the memory of my father is
I am twenty-seven when my marriage was an Engagement
Church .. my dad like him so I'd like to
I liked him because of his father, my father liked
He's like me or not, I do not know, because I did not hear
He was not my last single morons baāsailaeānaāvaṭa
What a reason curfew, my father's death ...
I heard the noise of one kind NewsSri Pub
Down
The case happened many days passed
First, lift the car from the airport took the car back together
India went okay, my dad took the corpses from the ambulance
Our company's share price fell five
Dad's ashes were holding everything courage Parker left heart
Pain went pass
Relatives went to another
A few days later, my father lost ...
I accepted his work
There are all my dad ever more debilitating fear that I would know what they did .. fraud
My sister told me to go to my father's office room .. dad enough time to stay, although it go
He missed the first time in my life .. it felt could not imagine that happened so different.
This is Mr. saāmabasaivaā. I really feel like his name tells.
I do not know about her father
He's not my father's friend .. not sahakaārayaekauta
My father was surprised at losing vayaisaāga. Less that one in the evening plane ticket
Until one evening, former
Everyone went to walk six
He's going to run five in the morning
.. Not for the health of his head a little bit because
About ten years ago, was not even tell his wife he pays with his money
This person then it has been heard. I've stopped there to talk with his wife cocked big loss
Then his wife got one too .. had to come with more to come that distance between their
Their communication is limited to the paper's board wanted
I came here for that kind of man're not my father, I felt strange ..
There was to be no wrong or somehow hundred fifty
Income and expenses are now going through a similar ..
Yet the income of real estate have gone bankrupt in all that we do availalata
Buildings, cars, deposits, gold,
All the money to haæraevavata
Hard work coming up
It's just not done down the road ōnata
There is an option
If the value of all your assets like stocks like.
Market price of less than one plausible if he is to refuse lad
If you want. This is just waiting for you together with my brother
All other property or write off your mom or your naǣnaṭa
Do not ask anyone to say this will not give to one .the more
I do not have anything to say for what my father put off the illness
Payments divest the file shut.
This is not something new
This is often a very big ones.
Since two or three months later, without noises slowly start your business
If my father did not lose prestige?
He's gone now, right?
What I do not understand or your question?
Should those who cheat the money allocated to believe my father?
Should the family be kept honestly believe in you?
I can not imagine what to do ..
What happens, if my value
Please draw people to the streets for home value anywhere?
Sir, what about the sadhaāranayaida?
New intelligent answer there, sir?
Everyone's mind, if my dad cheating liar's stay
Whoever even thinks about her, thinks she should be a good one ..
Now you are probably things I'll answer
If you sign this paper to god you're only as taiyaāganaivaī mind.
Tiger extras
Are one of the signature depending jaubalai Hills? There are :? Amir PET
Is there air conditioning? Are heat dams dams?
Five Star Hotel prefer? Sambar flows?
This one will determine the signature. Well thought decision
Since I do not want to think up exactly what
The practice is actually worth the value
He married know what your daughter
You understand the
This time it is .... do not know that right
To say
Now you say that you or keep false hopes
We was to debate the issue next month .. The Engagement canceled ... tell your mom
Leave the table and went over to the engagement ring given to the church ...
I felt embarrassed .... think how head off straight out out ..
This time I could not imagine anything ..
Now what's left is not here to protect all property
He did not come out together, not ever her father ..
Brother actually did not come out of the family play
Listen to what I bring with me and unhealthy
You will be better able to put divorce case ..
Why risk and get
Why do not you speak
Nandu ... Dad spells. Bring a shotgun to her
He did not antagonists
Coffee drink?
I wept. Head feel like splitting foolish talk from listening
I have lived here for so much
We have space to go along with his parents, scorn
What good people so I do? Thanks to them, except for the word '
My biggest thanks is to say it's no question the guy without knowing naǣnaṭa
This type of vehicle is less comfortable too. Crap
One type of a quick sale
Well brother .. - Hmm
Millions worth the money to pay hundreds of thousands of tax've pawned
That came after Pina as a discount
Some of the Depositary as bonuses coming up ..
These
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
There can not imagine how he could tell our brother who did not touch anything Stop daughter
Naǣnata not like it, but did not out
My mom and I are okay, so no problem
My brother had been talking regularly with his secretary
Anyone who does not see that she's
Because John is a day when we left to go
My brother tried to explain this fact to one psychologist
But it very difficult. - We need to fight it. Did you understand?
Because girl's why mess ..
I do not like here ..
I do not like
But this year, we want to stay at home. - What?
What have chosen a hundred kids from Hyderabad
Those who are ready to have a TV show is a reality game
Game
Yes Games
Who better here .. FOREX
According to the mother, who is well ..
They will run
They scored one who gives a gift
Think that you won
Our car, our home, we'd get ..
Caeākalaṭauta moment?
So about?
More
So give chocolate
I am the owner of one flat
Hello ma'am
Your husband music together
One day my brother went to meet him .. He refused to borrow job ..
Then a state Knei was
Do not think the fall.
From where to find a little tiger count. Car went in.
Those days are coming, once thought this to be a place to come ..
Your mom might not feel better. Mr lost. Lost property
Father suffering hurts not yet
It's just joking, do not.
Annan drink? - No
Now you drink hard ..
I have courage
.. ♪ ♪ ♪ won the state, he was a king ♪
Lord Rama is one who left the state got ♪ ♪
War hero .. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ daily
SA man God wanted war ♪ ♪
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
Young insisted insisted ♪ ... ♪ ♪ ♪ somehow found alive
This is another chapter .. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ accept it Hello
Young insisted insisted ... ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you keep on going the way
♪ the more will face the New abhayaeāga. ♪
♪ good things gone, and face the harsh things. ♪
It will be a lesson .. ♪ ♪ things in life
♪ ♪ difficulties because it was not sure that will not be in your life
♪ ♪'re in up to learn county
♪ it to go get it immediately. ♪
Young insisted insisted ♪ ... ♪ ♪ ♪ somehow found alive
This is another chapter .. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ accept it Hello
Young insisted insisted ... ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you keep on going the way
♪ the more will face the New abhayaeāga. ♪
♪ Why so salty tears ..? ♪ ♪ - do not leave it until our eyes, we will never run out ♪
Why these questions too ♪ weight? ♪ ♪ - they will want to bear them, we nonetheless light ♪
♪ seems like you are not afraid of anyone except ♪ ♪ - Who else can give courage to face much trouble ♪
♪ difficult to know your strength ♪ ♪ - you are seeking will be knocking your door. ♪
If hard work ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ anyone can come up
Did not try anything in life ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm sick of them
Young insisted insisted ♪ ... ♪ ♪ ♪ somehow found alive
This is another chapter .. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ accept it Hello
Young insisted insisted ... ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you keep on going the way
♪ the more will face the New abhayaeāga. ♪
♪ well Medapathana shirt like ♪ ♪ - locker has not been just a job ♪
♪ paper draw a line without a child. ♪ ♪ - just do not go from the ashes ♪
We've even cried ♪ born. ♪ ♪ - tears that we are not a new thing ♪
Caught in the branches of trees, spoiled ♪, ♪ ​​♪ - Kite can never reach the sky ♪
Do not be positive ♪, do not be negative. ♪ ♪ ♪ endure everything
Maintaining calm ♪, continued learn. ♪ ♪ continue to travel, the route you ♪
Young insisted insisted ♪ ... ♪ ♪ ♪ somehow found alive
This is another chapter .. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ accept it Hello
Young insisted insisted ... ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you keep on going the way
♪ the more will face the New abhayaeāga. ♪
He does not mind .. but come to this province'm one reality show,
You were safe in jaubalai Hills. Your car show room and have been one
One year later, the show will have you back to bed after your things with his friends ..
Champions Trophy already say how much has lied?
Mental problems have someone in your family like to create?
Who would not question?
It had nonetheless pays to the world. The deal worth ten of your loss.
See hundreds of millions of my loss, John. Look at my shit
So try whatever they do not eat American apapalama. He does not eat paāyaāsama Pakistan ..
It's not because you do refuse the application. John ....
I understood
You go
Sorry
Session fees to pay. Transportation, lunch, all adding two million bucks
Two million - will be lowered to pay
A month - if you forget, I'll remind again
You do not forget a small amount of said gaānakauta
And yet not much more time left to be forgotten
Ahagatatada cut? - Hmm What?
Keep It
Shall transfer school? - Do not want to sister
I want to change
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
Do not call to ask our friends getting these loans. Because you are not going credit, ax blow
Hey .... What is going back
The only one getting told what sexting say directly
Want one um̆baṭata Lone? Me that awhile
How is it, they said you are you getting to sit
Nothing ... why not have come to decorate a wedding in Ooty next week.
I speak to you. You are pauraudauyainae
College spoke on the one hand and caught lines
Like .. - getting the - expensive?
Then do not speak only on the day of the wedding in a college kid with a talking .Takashi
The getting - expensive?
Like this one has not forgotten anything. - First, Nandini, after saṁgaītaānaī
Charter've been throwing well drunk wedding day
That left me to put the boss seen ..
Five million ten million job ... you, me okaeda five million?
Five million
Getting scared to come out daāvaī to keep in mind the old things
What you call getting friends, getting
Although life. Get up're in
Good Morning Sir - Hmm ...
Because late - sorry sir .. breakfast time because traffic increases too
Good Morning Sir,
Htaccess late
At breakfast time, because traffic is increasing too
What generations. Why are baumamamagaena. What has happened here now
.. I have nothing for your resources (Kerr) stayed reach.
Now you and I both fell to the road.
What really happened to you
Billions worth of clothes hang neck. Car shock gave delight.
Whiskey abroad with girls

Oh - I like your gravest.
Five cents in my hand was not a contract of five million today, yesterday
Then from the next fifty million five hundred million contract
You hundred fifty hundred fifty me.
What a partnership it? - Mister paramadaāvaya
We own one daāgamau Company ..
What are you talking about and - business.
We're about three million worth of stock paeālata caught
A little more not arbitrary? - Look where we come
Hi Sir, I Samir - hey your ID card - all ready, girl
Paramadaāvayai culture. Pere jumping flower
You know how much the cost of things like this? Hundreds of millions
Entangled in marriage, marriage is actually not working, since you have been
Make yourself to your marriage
Oh my situation as all are low
What's the name of the girl leave those guys said .. Agree with you - told you
Colossal Churches - something one daeārasaānai
Well before the end of your life you have time to come to tell his father
Oh so good in letting my daughter kaeāṭaipataiyaekauṭa not blind my eyes nonetheless. To
What do you mean, it's not the name. Colossal Church. Once said that if bandwagon?
The first P said K. After coming here, right? After initially P. Church Colossal shit. For ... for ... for ... for ... for ... Key
For ... for ... for ... Church said hey Colossal ..
The church Colossal kaelalamayai
Hey hey that girl is getting one Engaged with me waking her wedding
Dude boards to see?
I'm not here, I'm coming back. - Getting five million
Because again hit brakes?
Did you forget the old sent?
So - getting unreasonable
Later, I went to play the college girl after three months.
You love my ass three days Sorry I play with my girl go see movies in my heart suffer fore
They are not unfair? - They did not remember getting you
How long, but I will not forget
Come and get me to do something wrong without wedding tomorrow
You have made me feel very much like them .... is ..... traitor Cathari
This person married
It so Decorations
However, no one danced, I told you that your marriage is actually marriage for both of us to dance.
Paramadaāvayaiya ..
I say well ask. That boy Lowell's bald head ..
Matata have a flat stomach, but .. the jaubalai Hills. The chubby cow answer. Listen to me
A width not more?
Just try it. - The clothing chosen groom ocean ..
Sir, why you're here for work handsome groom himself ..
What happen ..? You see what happened ..
Get that is to see how
You do not talk. - Just listen to me
How Smart Is Shah Rukh Khan?
But Kajol Ajay Devgan was the only heart
The girl calls you're only ..
Really .....
Why ...?
.. That's why I came out of it 'happened in a hurry that came awake when time is
Beautiful - thanks
What? - It said ..
Their behavior you've seen
Has shocked my boyfriend
Yes Yes
Really ...
I love yaeāgaeṣaṭa.
What experiences will be?
Bye.
Why, sir, what looking for ...? - This
Oh god
B ... talk
I told
I'll call you later
Why .. - Sir cut
Why clean ...
This is not what it was about. Why are you come here ..
Stop scaring marriage? To a halt?
Sir, come to decorate
You're here to bring you paid ten million?
Five million, five million, I him
Because I knew you venture?
I leave you steal someone else karavagananama.
Where's the car going around ..
But one would have to go, right there.
The mean
It does not mean a bunch of my father, my property Because you have canceled my gaivaisaganaīma
Baebaiva you went to get churches back, the one without yaeāgaeṣaṭa
Not very good .......
What's What? - Brother
My son does not look nowhere earlier married
Really?
That's my son's first feature.
Appu I do not know.
She wants to rush every single one .. except learning.
Oh o'clock juice drink time.
There do every time my brother
Do not .. - go? Say?
Both
Here I do not know how things will change when what uncle
One the one hand, cigarettes keep, what more than one drink a glass of keeping the other hand, so.
The way a girl smoking drinking alcohol drink.
Look what you think your situation
Oi did not care ....
Because drinking?
Hello've not finished - not lifting orifice is not drunk
Oh ... He drank a young girl to go to catch given that doubt?
He finished and went home each Jane.
My Sexy Money ...
... And you give the money to drink.
Joins lagainauta there. Fall passed down.
Hike prices leave more stalwarts kill.
Sir ... sir .. because - not you, not you.
Sugar tablets to put down .. like mouth.
What the mouth and put that kind of drug.
Not already a circuit material ...
However, nobody throws sir .. - journey will transfer.
Vaænailalakanae me ..
Transfer've - we laugh more ..
Okay sir easy ... then ..
Then switch one else will see for yourself ..
Sir.
Once a circuit so much fun?
Let no one in this case.
What cigarettes alcohol ..
One fell stairs. - Oh
How is somebody might say?
Do you fell that girl?
If someone tells you.
Others say he's wrong,
Do not tell anyone
It's very ugly like you?
So ... ugly ... for
So ... do not tell
Do not say
Her daughter stairs fall Knei
Nothing happened, do you? Take a walk
Do not tell anyone
So how?
There talking to girls? It is not arbitrary
We came to marriage. Not see a bride.
Shut up the stairs cloth .. that girl suffering from fell generations
Stand up stairs?
How can you let her know that guy told .. - You're not gonna ahagatatae
You'll not say
What kept boasted not work? Your daughter's friend Sameer'm
The girl down the stairs
The Daughter - Aunty
Fell off the stairs and said, right? Can not wait to walk like?
There have been preparing all mehendi ceremony. Meanwhile, what do you do with these guys
Nothing did not .. our friend Samir palalavaīgae right? He collapsed stairs
No more
.. Who is he?
Who ..? - That guy
Mmm
Come on .. Come on .. come on ..
What did ..?
Angry tree
It is
That's why he canceled the covenant with the marriage did
Gaivaisaganaīma clicked Cancel?
Did mistake?
Really ....
Has done very good work ..
Samir ... - Hmm ..
I do not care to antagonize you did
Did we spoke secretly listening to?
So how do you know that I did speak ..?
Think you have my phone ... go take walkie-talkies
Sorry
Samir ...
Mrs.
Pretty much your dress
U. swim Sir - You Do not .. not you
This ten kaǣlalakanae
What this as what you have?
And now five hundred grandparents
Seems like another go kaenaekakauṭa
"This is what you do as"
Gold sculpture worth
This is the transaction to
Someone came to my properties include
You're scared to talk to her. It 's high court lawyer.
You'll hour fee
Now, do you speak? Talking ..
Helpless ... be healthy? Well sir
How are you? - It's fine .. What did talk
You have a site of 80,000 square yards?
Which one?
That is Mr. saāmabasaivaā
Which one?
Which one?
Your one. Your one
Just saw it was very good.
Vehicles
He stayed one dealing with difficult hello. - Stop the car
Down
Here
How are you going to kick your feet hurt
If diesel is weight savings
I do not care you
Hey my check
Here, get stupid
We find the flowers to go to the village ten
But nonetheless abroad. One village had to find a village, ten flowers
If that does not work in India, oh
Who is this, sir
Do nothing son
What happened, sir? - No, not enough
I'm straight liquor more urgent, urgent enough that I fall.
Oh - see?
Phew, what I'm doing. - Wow!
Dr. Mara haāsakamakanae
Mara is not a miracle, uncle
I want to go to continue the miracle
Continues to go .. where to go ... sir? - A parent to have a marriage that the church Colossal
Palalavaīgae marriage university telling Sir
Bloody we've set it to climb .. ..
Who's your church is not it sir .. - my younger daughter
Younger daughter? - Yes
My brother's daughter
So what's the road without car
That does not mine a few good years of my contacts
What happened, sir
My father gave us both equally dividing the property
Both together towards business
Loss've got
Thought to sell property
All were ready to come to bring the Registrar to sell one acre
While my brother refused to put his signature
I asked the brother to do what rulers took lose your money.
Would you have asked me how shocked he fucking spoiled so shocked?
You do not children? - There is a son
So what do not you come with your son?
We're talking about sex was always the last two three days
My mind there is brother standing here alive. Where's the daughter?
.. Hey - Come sculpture
My guy is not one good. Okay, do you take it from here?
Why not come to take
This is the question you were asked. - Yes it is, sir
How did you hear that fell stairs now
Need to walk carefully
Hey, who married here this
There was little to look Knei
Pere .. my word of life without asking himself, right?
Yes sir
Why have given yourself late chance to sample the relationship ..
Manamaālayaeka shit like you want to stay ..
Some are
When I snap, worth ten million tickets, haūranana throw that bored.
Do not get it? - No Show example?
Look
Just when it come down
Just do not look to come face
You see? The boy is
His father is not urgent iPod. P. Asked to leave. [Document submitted to the bankruptcy protection]
It's not possible
Franks said he .. - value value
All that is not the value of the property
Million was written extras
God
I do not see how did extras million. He looked wasted taps only say my god.
Which really great together? Is Great dropping?
Great win great life? Which noble quest?
Do I really like ... this marriage .. - Sample
Come on .. I say go here ....
Do not tell anyone, my daughter got engaged earlier ..
The spouse who does not want to share what is second Hand
After the wedding know? So why not go left asleep?
Before we left to go to write down all their property
What was going on his own daughter's wedding .. Notepad daeāḍavanavada pavaukaārayaeā
Good work getting there than the whole world property portfolio
Palalavaīgae wedding when work like this
Do you feel sad?
I really love my dad
... I'd say so much while studying in London
Girlfriend like she always speaks
I thought that her dead, he might not
This is all ...
Others lost everything we're not father
Not even a single person came to the funeral nor
He gave so much love, I want to ... I mean ..
I weep over her life. Can never sad my dad
.. I mean ... I feel I had a very strong, ruthless person?
I am not unfeeling?
I hope they love so much my dad
I can not imagine that he says will endeavor to speak the

The later you stay
This should not cry later ..
Boys cry
See it
Very nice
Do not come right time .. morons?
Are not you coming?

See you in there
Sir ... so grow old and your hair is still a good Knei
Any one have good hair clips taps
Anand second .. Give dude
Hey, I mean this guy
The best example of human values
Besides, these people very rarely going
Hey ... It feels something called nagagalaā sale
I? - Say something - hey yaeāgaeṣa
A friend asked me a question a new mounting of money to stay
Which Make Great? Is Great dropping?
Winning Is Greater? Which noble quest?



So badaāgananavaṭa than dropping one right
Losing one or more win
Nice, sir. You'll have heard the story before this
In fact, the boy's words, right?
It even tried to draw real life story of how legitimate demands
What? - Caika
Do not talk to me like this crazy party. I do not like the whiskey
Move - comes samples
Awesome Bro.
Samir ..
Hey Samir
Hey saubhalakaśamai
Saubhalakaśamai ..?
That is his real name
MR sexy name
Saubhalakaśamai dance with me ..
Kofi comes a head-splitting gaenanavapana paramaeā
Hey ..- Who he? Coming sir ..
Sir - Who is this guy sarasapau?
I, sir.
Not brainless. Green flowers, green request for pranks flowers?
Arc did not have green flowers, sir
I do not care
They can not both work to do in this kind of rubbish we got one wrong

Pack all do. We're not here to be one maeāḍayaekagaevata listen and read.
Read hell coming to tell him that ass ..
Sir, do not .. it's not to get mad
I bitter? Do you see me angry .. go there?
Who said that you took offense
What? One says that without taṭamananae
Sir - do not want money, we want
Road take a guitar to sing .. .samething road. Come get you something Band product
Daughter money to pay school ōnanae. - No need to learn. Stay home haiṭapaudaena
A whirlwind of tests - there are crazy not see any investigation.?
My brother did haiṭapaudaena
You bring a little bag shut
Hello - Nandu
Sister
What's strange voice
Nothing - How
Well right?
Sir, I'll get bags - Sweater How?
There are now well go to school
Mom always talking yourself
Be careful about health
I did not receive money yet
As soon'll find a bit
I did not speak it
I came here ēkaṭanae
Evening call
Tell your mother to remember
You feel me later
Green flowers down nice - it's a good idea
Whatever way you want to get done so. We may want to call the Sir goods
Put some flowers'll behave better after lunch
Why is that after lunch .. un̆gaurae flows are stuck?
Because we're stuck his surfing?
The wedding is no good reason not to stay generations
The marriage is not wrong ... actually horoscope..
Kept agreement three months ago
Now put the evening had married. Just stopped

What happened sir ..
Really ...

Travel was on leave many millions. Take all gone.
Who is Mr. Rama? - Yes .. What mahatatayaekada?
He's really going over our people too darn ..
Germany wants Suite, Bengali sweets have wants
Every legal entity
Can not find a solution to communicate with each yaeāgaeṣa once?
Really ...
I would like to say so much dowry yaeāgaeṣa
He will not accept me without a dowry
But not baāragatatata. We want to tell them before they know
Now doing. The point is to go
Naævataevaī getting marriage - navataicacadaena
Shoot crazy?
Why not shout so
Din .. You'll like this is asked for this solution.
I stayed with a bow engagement hand that boy months ago
Why shout, so now
The gaivaisaganaīma only getting married this
So what? Put a ring in front of ten
Call hundred people in front of a sheaf necklace.
Sir point here is not about the gold and the glory lose about ..
Really ...? Sir, you have mouth
Do not want to ruin your daughter's life
Sir, my father died in an accident .. It has no connection with any of your daughter
This morning you have your brother stole your daughter .. Argh not have any connection
Anataurakainavata happened anywhere, palaiyaṭavata for someone stole one ..
Because not want the girl suffer?
It is wrong
Sir've really his fault horoscope..
You're all sitting in a hotel five star confectionery in this way a sandwich each. C. No one inside will keep discussions
I'll go out and take me two hours to Ramah
And here unless
You just let them ring thalle suggestion again.
When I put it to pack.
I come?
He thinks that marriage breaking here ..
But I want to wait ...
Come.
Where to find out?
Without going anywhere, do not drink liquor old ..
He molds the bars that kept money coming?
Sure entity coming here
Do not want to marry him show stopping ..
See this old guy? - I did not see
See that guy in the picture?
.. Saw saw that side.
Where? - That way
.. Just do not see anything like increased sugar
Why do these two become one ...?
I think a bit like smoked legitimate demands ..
I'll need to drink ..
Saubhalakaṣamai ..... - Yes, she did maemabara .There is?
Breath waiting. Can not wait to tell?
Why mess sir .. he is dying
He's looking at it .. but before he wanted to come in front of you?
He touched the ground when we go bag
A piece of work, I do not expect blog ..
I do not see them as floating knew others felt like I float're more sugar?
Paramadaāvayaiya
I say let's hold that thought did not first go
He goes so far as
Come on, man Come
Because so getting quickly to a halt?
We did not go here, you are evoking.
Travel to one - I will not
Do not attack die
This time I take care of my son is like .. you are looking shine,
Hey, this alalaganaina
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
The subtitles English bayaisakaeāpa not bear any responsibility we paiṭapatapailaiban̆da video movie released to free Web site.
Hey Hey Stop Stop Stop Samir Samir
Take
I just want these kids to Travel
Now to Take
What you want is ..? What wants
Destroys life girl for two million?
Steal dad, not you ashamed ..
I'll kill you, - Stop
Manifesto when he sold the property bankrupt
You said that business tamausaegae Knei ..
Now the marriage stayed home ..
It is your house, she would not get married ..
Do you not think this was what our
He did not do these things in our day
You do not care, sir washed each
Well well when we spoke to.
Difficulty when dauṣaṭhayaeā like to talk bad.
It's not right
I have no answer to answer, Tony
Sorry
No Brother
I dragged you in the streets.
I do not think ok
About how you could not find Anywhere
I'm sorry, you brother
This hand put on Brother
The ring wearing brother stop drinking
Heart is not right
Since marriage is actually here and go to Brother
You're older than me, who else
Hey! Come here
The property getting getup
We both happen only heir.
What are your going to get yeah?
This alalaganaina.
Whatever anyone, better get what you want
I'm sorry plea
The moment I saw my situation
I sometimes question myself, what kind of person he is.
But can not find any answer
My eyes straight ahead. I felt deceived
He's a good man
Like a good one gave birth ..
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
Viraj
Really ...
I was wrong
Go
Take me
.. Do not ... do not ... do not ...
Church
You yaeāgaeṣama himself fit
This wording is not so arrogant yourself to me and said that
Yaeāgaeṣa good guy
Well you handle
I was the first one wedding
If crying bride says
Wait .. ugliest ugly ..
What I like girls that I need not even know the girl
Except if I ever get the girl to love ..
I do not feel it
Church has canceled gaivaisaganaīma
After put the ring over the table
I feel almost as if I lost my father ... .. if not her property
I'm just, like fell to zero
But now,
He's not standing. Standing lost his property
I've made something
Zero is not compulsory.
I've made something
I've made something
I have diabetes
I have sugar
Since childhood
I used .Titled ....
Circuit not ...
Oh
Nobody knows this ..
I like a lot of people are
Except they
Oh ... enlistments ..
That said ... - I mean ...
I'm so ...
Ever closer
Those ...
Just married tomorrow .... .. us children bodies ...
Then I told you do not have the right sugar
What kids ...
.... It's ...
The wedding ...
I want to go to the toilet - yes, yes, I understand
✌ ✌ bayaisakaeāpa English website for the 
frames design, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
♪ ♪ winter sunlight can be seen by little by little
♪ because it seemed big mess will go directly touch ♪
♪ ♪ seems summer is coming, Brendan Brendan vicinity
If you go chasing the storm ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ big mess going
♪ rainy day can be a bit of confusion ♪
When everything fun .. ♪ ♪ evening
When a heart to heart ♪ ♪ ♪ eye for an eye will be mind blowing doors ♪
♪ ♪ winter sunlight can be seen by little by little
♪ because it seemed big mess will go directly touch ♪
♪ ♪ seems summer is coming, Brendan Brendan vicinity
If you go chasing the storm ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ big mess going
♪ ♪ I do not know the day and night, and that
♪ ♪ Now I'm awake may fight handbill
My eyes do not get angry, you know ♪ ♪ ravanana
♪ ♪ ♪ color, dazzling rainbow seen in disarray now ♪
♪ A යනු කෙල්ලන්නට ♪
Do not defeat ♪ B ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ C is to come back again like movie heroes ♪
♪ ♪ D is the darling
♪ ♪ E is every night
♪ ♪ ♪ F is shining outside, looking to find ♪
When a heart to heart ♪ ♪ ♪ eye for an eye will be mind blowing doors ♪
♪ ♪ winter sunlight can be seen by little by little
♪ because it seemed big mess will go directly touch ♪
How do you say what I mean heart ♪ ♪
How does it look on without singing ♪? ♪
No one seems to be sitting jobs ♪ ♪ something new
♪ ♪ I will show you something different If you come events
♪ ♪ G is a girlfriend
♪ ♪ H is embraced
♪ I යනු I Love You කියන්න ♪
♪ නැවත නැවතත් ♪
♪ ♪ J moose is Moon
♪ ♪ K is hug me
♪ L is a whole life with you are ♪ ♪ ♪
When a heart to heart ♪ ♪ ♪ eye for an eye will be mind blowing doors ♪
♪ ♪ winter sunlight can be seen by little by little
♪ because it seemed big mess will go directly touch ♪
♪ ♪ seems summer is coming, Brendan Brendan vicinity
If you go chasing the storm ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ big mess going
All goods yoke, right? - Viraj
Sir
Sir check written on a fifteen million.
Ten million, right ..?
Although you how legitimate demands ..
Sir .. I can not want to accept, sir
This is not a fee .. you have to respect
Take
It happened like my child to school fees paid .. Sweater ..
We get married?
Want to hear it sitting in one traffic problem
The first time I saw hand saw with a cigarette ..
Turn left when you asked the girl to marry again sent ..
I was told to diabetes .. love
Talk about marriage than him think he has a loving place?
Go home to talk - hey now Knei nickname.
Okay ... this kind of need a lot of thought
Tomorrow Come Today CAREFULLY
Too much time as saubhaālakaṣamai
Samir
Good
Mrs. Samir
What has not come yet?
Traffic will take at least another two hours is one ..
Can not wait for the little nephew?
Hello - Hey
Taigaæsasaunaāda? Ms. saubalakaṣamai
Anand was angry sir
Not good to be so cute - Hey sweet to me?

You like to talk to my parents
He is you
Not on mere law denies interested in ..
Because I came home maugae?
Someone said not to shoot someone's daughter
To give my daughter thinks
I do not really know you
Know - I know that will not come
Anand was a good guy, Dad
All property for his father .Excuse
Do not be attracted to such things, dear caller
I also asked him to marry again .. Church even married.
This is the Depositary of this generation
I do not know she would behave so
One other man shit. Money to participants. Skip to expensive cars. Want to build big houses.
He wanted to live alone in their other property robber.
Like broken cup in the kitchen
Tell your mom to clean it, dear
What's your point?
Anand Why do not you want Dad ..
I do not understand
He does not mind smoking freindly
After the bad habits can make you see
This person's habit, but no treatment
What habit?
Everyone is trying to be like someone paenanahaeān̆da
Since it would kill anyone realizes just like anaātayaeka
Samir, I have enough problems
I do not want to fight with your dad
Come with me that you need me haitaenavanama
Now go take
Cool ... not good to lose his honor your father die
But her father is trying to take him alive haiṭaidadaīta
Is your value
Now ... he's not really, you know you do not know the big guy stole ..
When it came to my notice what he's got to be this time the body has been masala. I want to be in jail now.
I was not the one my dad ..
Talk about thinking carefully before he spoke to
Every day I think about your father now ...
I can not talk so easily about her
I just do not know ... He's a good fraud
I do not speak without proof
Your father gave this land to me with a site
And now, five hundred million grandparents
Docs for this belongs
Yet the Kingdom've got that guy
He is also my eye on one of the boards holding site
Your father died before my hand real Docs
I think I came to your house, the money will get you in at least Docs
The man's father died, I reserve airline tickets
Why did I work my father to see me baāragatatama?
What I was trying to IP? {IP- document to prove that bankruptcy}
Now I understand better
But you're all given the property haraiśacanadaralaāla
Why all the work has been suffering
Now that your father's a good man .. who is not taking my site
What am I to suffer under it money
.. Go to their married to a big.
Do not know much about the value of profits
You just lost that one too good not blame your father.
I blame
Admit?
If it is not money. However, the property can be brought Docs
Docs ... Who will get that as well, they have to know you ..
Kingdom Naidu .... Do I like to interact in English speaks
Under the care of his weight is gamasabaā
King slave village
Six hundred private thugs
Even when there are four thousand caller everybody 1000
Only one is actually a sword in the hand
One can not come out of his house without his permission maæsasaekauṭavata
Will you take her home to five hundred million worth of property Docs?
Ravana was a great crowd.
Her house had a big ārakaśaāvakauta
Finally, he left no address
If you want to do .. it comes to energy automatically kaeāhaenaharai
Documents'll
See the value buyers coming four weeks on site
Before coming to get it? -'ll
.. After four weeks - one week
Imagine that today, the first day. If you want six more days
Now o'clock. Docs get your hands ten day like this when next week.
If your feet do not touch my daughter, I will marry you for conscription.
Once the picture of my father, begging forgiveness
Do not misunderstand, sir told
If the angry wife, cups and pretend not to break.
That hit the board.
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
The site had no little interest in her father willingly gave it together
Not Your Dad
Now you have questions about what anyone's property?
What I question anyone's property ..?
What are you talking
Head down have extras property is worth forsaking
I told you that day
But you signed the property Docs to give you?
You can buy another one this is exactly how Docs
Everyone knows that your father was a good man
That is not anywhere incriminated saāmabasaivaā
He's wrong to talk about that
Are you such a big risk
Someone brought one of Sita's go raāvanaāgaena
Now he that called god ... today everyone bow
Also .... my dad did not care that two of three good man
I want to know for thousands
You want to hear a thousand things that had saāmabasaivaāṭa
She should accept it
Tell now there's an idea. I have a better explanation of what to do
I say relax
I know that God's Kingdom law ..
The village well to consider
That was his life. He arayava alcohol anytime
The laiyakaivalai ilalaganaivaī
Original Docs and Docs instead put false
You have them bring
Instead, the original papers give false papers
Say fraud?
Yes sir, we go slain evoking the cob too good, let's take
Have a false doctrine of the keeper to win the war
Could not one lifeboat for your dad?
The only known example of this is getting. Beyond that, I do not know. What was I to do?
Is your legs touch
Do not like it? Grab this
Bandwagon you go. That guy's not going to leave me with him to Bangkok
It's ... I'll go, sir - to ā..yanana
What did his job to leave a New
Drop a line when asking job
I came away with
Satayamaitatala our family? - Yes, sir, they're a good family Knei - real family
I can not wait to work like kaeāhaeāmavaæḍa have family do?
It's time to take waste
Going
Why did you give up done before a new job
Before they lack good
Because they do not like you ,. They can work with
How can I believe you're leaving me just come back to work like a family in trouble
Go straight and turn right.
The way you want to go out the door, sir Yes
Sir, I already have
Do not laugh like that, sir, I'm afraid
How work on arbitrary job
What I did not say this, sir came eliminated
That did not come to work without kamaætai
And we are working on to marry Sir ayanae
Palalavaīgae wedding went Ooty
What are you going once you marry Samir - raeḍaḍaiyaāra herds
Whose paṭaṭaiyada? - Stay at someone's herd
That's going to fail
Notepad that I want to set myself the boss did?
Like many pissed .. basasavananada? - No
Then push to do?
Listen to the guy frustrated. Answer to one's silence
So anything I may have just angry sir ..
Take long bed slept sir. - Very good .. generations
The heart touch ethics?
Switch - switch do?
Stop - to end?
Raeḍaḍaiyaāra reached herds. Step down
What is the road to go to the hospital, sir sketch dust.
This is not a bus goods lorry
Middle of the road so big pit - more kids die
Why was it? Big Brother
Have taken it? - Take brother
Signal lights prorogued not stop him seeing the cloth navataiyaida?
Whether one or thousands stopped keeping Knei
It has
Bike or car accidents is not one to fall right back generations
One's whole family together falls're in the streets
After the heat, it says how long will the rain getting wet?
If only the cloth fell in a rusted coat
Powder .. go from ugly head
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
Both houses arbitrary one shit
Which Is Which his brother at home when the Kingdom home
Was told the house of your friend and brother-six, right
That's six, Come - Sir
Palalavaīgae wedding day then ....
Your friend does not tell you the name of the bride ...
So he's cheating you.
He's not like you poking around here.
So the six .. No, not my mind that nine
Are you sure bandwagon
You see, sir ..
No. Only nine said. It confirmed to rain
Not bad your Riemer and thymine - You'd think to go but do not mind
Quickly go before the rain,
Kingdom before home ....
Come inside this house ...
This home? Beautiful home
How did you like generations so simple
Because the door to arbitrary printing big built
Sir .. sir prison Kovil daeārata so about laeākauyainae
The home side's the Kingdom of the Kingdom brother home

Thank you - take
Hello, I'm from Hyderabad
My friend tell you that, right?
..... In that land - Hold understand how Jedi?
You know there saāmabasaivaā husband? He has a site
It's one of my father sites. It's your husband's brother's Kingdom ....
And it's not man enough to respect her husband said that we favors land
Mister got
Secretly took written bastard dog. Makabaǣvailaāma want to ring.
Hey generations ....
Do not blame you as strangers under our .. naǣdaǣyaeānae.
Heart hurts., And Sir stupid? We say it is drifting
You get a ten percent hold this ..
Put one of your brother to get a little something Gimmicks The property Docs
He does not know to read, right? The fingerprint is not yet used ..?
Docs she lies close shot. In fact Docs sends Hyderabad
The idea of ​​how Sir
Your goal is to remember the name of brother
Do not remember your name, sir
What is your name, sir
After listening to all that wants to know the name of the Kingdom ..
One friend told OK
Nine Kingdom
Six of his brother.
Sitting in pilgrimages, vaenakaṭaeśavara temple in asking anybody.
Why not ask - It?
Everybody know it
Despite there came Knei
I do not know about him here only
Should know of in Hyderabad
Will not take these bags to my house

One can not keep a good live reputation has
Well kill contains bad name?
Come to my house talking to myself? Cut pieces taken out tongue removed Asshole
Coming from so far for the few?
When I send a
Right law
Neck and hands removed um̆baema give stupid dog
Understand?
Give me a call. Send someone quickly.
If I talk, I once again
What's his name? - It's ... ... go ... of ... the ... Mo ... ka..da..da ..?
Payaidaā saāmabasaivaā .. - pa..yai..ḍaā saā..ma..ba..sai..vaā .. ..
Yet it did not desire? The land of my
The site where each one of my my .. understand?
Well sir Triple
Sir, I'm sorry, sir
You're a good brother to ask you guys anything.
Distance from the mold came here. This is our home
I'm
Where DM trying to tease neck cutters
Good boys
What hayaiyakainada'm taking my property
Give sellers
Where are you from? - Come from in Hyderabad
Did important work with you
I ...?
.Why Is food
Hotel to go eat one - haeāṭalaekaṭa
That said, we have some work to stay a few more sitting day my
From here waiting for days to come and eat like ..
Eat ..?
Do not worry. He tattooing She did not raise the knife
As long as my sister is here .. our security
Gaeāpaālaā - Brother
That Bastard, his woman, his daughter
Come along to here. - Good brother
Anand
Now she's not strong hug to the pier. Worse to wait.
Inside you are waiting for my brother to meet him inside taillights
Thank you so much .... One of my questions was only one site
Now my whole family, nice question?
Mr Kingdom
You've see so pissing me
Phone to send a photo is not
Do not send this kind of Minsk
What might say this kidnapping
Having learned that the law standing practical training
I will call the police if you can take care of the prison
Excuse me, can I call you?
My name payaidaā saāmabasaivama
Known businessman in Hyderabad. - So
Me and my wife and child have been abducted by Kingdom Come
You come here and get all this arrest
Give me security
Laughing because I did not joke
Is a joke. You paharagatatanama
Kingdom of your house to borrow money to
If not for yourself, do not call us to a question
Either sitting to her home
Right? - One shouted fools phone
What did
It's not kidnapping - What is it?
One dog was tied belt
Have we his owners?
How much care? Spend? Would you eat just?
So in this case our bones broken, but broken
We do not know why police say
But my dog ​​did not explain
What he says
The fact that your dog did not say
You did all this because - because her father teen
You're waiting him to come here
If you've come to take us down, please? - That you speak anavaśayayava
Do not fight with my father in front of everyone. It's not very good
Sorry .. you say that dropping
Hey, I do not like it in front of my daughter
Do not forget to come away
What if tomorrow is hidden down
Nothing will happen to you, I'm not
You see it's right, her curfew, although I found the strength somewhere to kill him?
Come here where one can have the courage to kill him?
The attacker has no relationship to my
What happen
Sack Hill've not see?
I'll stay away - I do not want to see you work like honey
It can not wait, I do have to send someone to resign
What happened again - broken bottle lying
Because these little kids like
That knocked out some bottles of thorns
Now I'm waiting for two hours
Oyaālaeāā ruin now I can come with my father to go to the hospital
Just happened over dinner
Occasionally coughing know what God's Kingdom come? Ataulaemanae's are.
Who are they?
Came from my friends in Hyderabad
So friends nearby - have
Come and dine eat. - Go
I killed both of the two men were among your brothers married mine.
That is why since I was not home.
Take your life that you have, I did work
Then threw the sword that my brother did not gahaṭavata
You and
Sinless
I have a big angry like your heart
Also keep
You want meat? - B .. bring
What will
We thought not, sometimes for death
Auspicious looking to marry.
Baedananada you?
What? Split, he do not never talk, more divided
Very tasty
He knows everything except that a bad guy
Even that old lady
You have a lot of weapons to kill the table
What do you eat
Death side kept talking to eat
Nona diabetes are diet
Baedananada you?
So quickly eat? You must ask for more
What if all I give him to eat - you'll
I hosted with enough detoxification Karumakkarayo spoiled
It must have been ping
These people will sit out to eat.
No shame
Want to do their shoulders
You said that he did not understand
Thai How did getting my daughter
Do not say do not understand what they see
Araūṭama suits
Eat
He did not know what to do at this time
Where he
I went to the stomach neuroblastoma
Chair beneath? - Fell sambar chair
I'll get the time you had to fear that washed yell
How much live scared
One meal so bayaṁkaāra
However, an hour later, more PAIN?
I do not maæraevaida
What? The water
Why did you bring me handshake
What is so afraid to tell her sister the mold can kill sick?
If all this sister
I leave
Your father died in my wedding day

Know what your sister?
If anything like this back home in your blood, there are grave Balthazar
I'm not gonna let it get back to something like
That will make him not
Right not ataārainanaeta
You are my life baeragatataā. Former together, ate together and tried to kill me one
What do you want to say
B .... I do not want anything, sir
He asks if the Docs
Give Give Give
Give
You see? Four more days remaining
Everyone see my work?
Because suddenly sat
O ... Think demands? We do not close at the property
Just a little later, water began business. It has
You saved me within two days of my former home
It's kind of like a tiger put Panchayuda
You earned what I have done. I'll Docs
Gaīvasa shit to my sister from one hostel to you,
It'll give it to you throw it his way dowry property faces
I happened to face extravagant occasion he turned you,
Happy? - A lot
I'm cousin
Fear nothing bad boy
Seeing the knife scared to death to come stopped ,, i'll think
A little tight shoe bandwagon
Did you see what happened - Yes generations, Wellness
Minutes later, the girl I married fiancé
Someone told me the girl that ad engagement āradaya
Since when do the engagement girl love me, I paramaeā
You get lucky, we meet two together
The guy did not even give you a kiss when misfortune sir
For me ..? No cluster
He did not know to wear a sari looking marriage evening
Help please
How will he
Beautiful than I asleep?
How well I'm not pretty enough, at least 50%
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
The veil was told to give
What is your name?
Samir - Village?
Hyderabad
Really come here from so far?
Did not got
Show once sari
Show open length
Old look
I'll bathe
Iron to shoot
Burn hole in attempts to dirty sari
Sorry ... Burnt
One ad that lace
Lace up shoe
Like to AC
When you are waiting for him as he had probably laḍaḍau
Hello
How do you know I like laḍaḍau
Hello
Cut the braids know?
Kathy's knife
What would happen then my brother
I do not want to marry you
My uncle married
So your brother told me the matter can go
Why should I say
Or did conscription handshake
You marry there with you?
Put poison in the coffee marriage day are killed
Some are weeping tearfully day
Cute girls wanted to do with my brother ahavai
I ask Uncle
That little girl's health as not good
Too much tail
Not tail - are emphatically
We do not know what to do to die like that
She was my girlfriend
You tell him at least I do not like the wedding
If not actually gonna die
Laḍaḍau eat honey ..?
That he had always avenged revenge
One moment did not come home
But here are quiet without
Drinking from a sandwich together released to kill?
Bloody bastard
Do not cry, dear
One dead do not come back
Can they be killed?
That'll cut Kingdom
All three of your brothers killed
Do the rest of Uva
Everyone elephant go drink coffee
Not angry, and killed your brother?
No
Idea
Put together, eat and drink and kill ..
Do you mean
Her sister tells gaivaisaganaīma soon have
Then we finish
I need to put the knife before the ring
A good day
Auspicious maiden he wore to my engagement naṁgaigaeyai
Sit in the
Do Sanskrit stories
Time is the only day
Time Time
It has
You and my engagement naṁgaigaeyai
Sing Sing
Came ahead of its own time coconut
Chance? Or do not tell your Bloody
My thru the day of your wedding ends
You lose another game in a few hours. My daughter gave up
The hour when you're not a girl marry a minute away. I meet some of my property Docs
I've never seen anywhere so terrible karaumakakaārakamaka
Bloody Pin your name, although it had to put a code
Now
One tiger
He caught pneumonia and slept there alone wedge
Sean learns that the one other small animals come forward to Tiger jokes
Suicide tiger ate all happened to go angry
What you get from this example? - The liars tiger
While not ... so helpless when Tiger
Should not make fun of tiger
Tours ..? - Tours .. sweep comes down to Qi Qi
Book your friends to go to a place that you can mine your daughter's wedding
It said in front of everyone he came in front of you
Docs do not want to give up your property, marry my sister
Did you know that you marry the girl home yavaāvai love?
Good script
Keep updating
He still does not like the wedding Auspicious Warrant know it is not his coworker
How it stops ..?
Because you're gone JAYARAJAH? - Tie'll know how good ...
Then Docs
If not want to get killed Devi
He doors are wearing Knei
I do not want to be like open doors
One thief was enough - right?
Where now is looking for a thief
Haeāyananaevata pavaukaārayaeka found without one.
If one is to find a thief baæraivaeyaida?
Hello
Valli married ..
Wedding Ready hope they over? I'll be okay Najee photo
Coffee - .. I'm going to hurry out
It Bandranayake
Stay
Do not look back and draw back together the horse races past the post immunity
Oh, look at this one more go
Super
Valli wedding to go
Oh ... forgot to pick it happen?
Now you need to hit something lie Manager
Where shoes?
Payment on the deadly wound came threw leg
It was like .. .Children to go come back T-shirt shirt again
Shirt T-shirt came threw it. What's wrong?
How to say something here forever eliminated Road
Do not you give up? Make it
Glass takes away
All girls ...
Brother, wedding invitation ..... - photo sent you?
Hello - Brother
Photo inside view walking - boy stay right
There
Her daughter .... Our problem?
The phone will come here
What did Lakshmi
Bhakti is to say two words about the song as much to keep him
Very good boy like you?
He ..? How awesome?
No matter the color of light, bold eyes of
No no no pantyhose seems clear realy
Sperm want to have fun like mauṭa
The boy told him that she did not like electric shock
He wanted to catch the rest of us do not see one whose words or
What vairaitatananae go clothes to pack
Here's what my face will get ... go to hell
So far up to the legitimate demands sir
Counting just sneaked million car
Do not want anything getting in the trunk ask
To give at least one meter or Sir
The car's odometer, burns, motor work. History says it will not getting
He told the audience Mara
He's like that
He says he is listening, not that we do not take what we say
This ad - Thank you ma'am
Hey, what's in a hurry
How come you are wearing pieces of work in the movies thanks
Take a jar
Give me what's inside
What's - hot water
What brought you
I do it when it wouldn useless ekakae marry your sister?
What is lacking is like a knife boy brother
If there like a knife to cut the fruit to take
All women who stay at home gives people like demon Pawan off
Own sister like that fake conscription if barahamaānanadama kaenaekakauṭa
People laughed
Dude your time going bad
Because this house is going to be
He saved my life, brother
I'll send some men to kill him
You come to save her life
Life is life going to impress
One life saved so much in Cohasset?
That's what is so great it is to save a life brother?
My sister is married to the guy up. On one spoiled
Happy married another during these deaths should not be one of God's Kingdom
You - the groom
I know that guy Manama
What's your relationship her anyway? - He's my work nearby
Do you have a wedding to go home and miss work for days waiting to work or not you want to shame
What am I see one other chimney
If you do not see the eyes of all?
That said ... the groom - groom chimney ..
Cainapanasaiyaeka like I do not like it to be one expensive ..?
Like father, who installed the eyes of its head pam̆bayaekauṭa
Child - husband
One can not help sick person useless
When someone needed help from one bhaeāgaī
One might even sacrifice their lives for one Tyagi
And asthma
Parabaāsa ran̆gapaāpau name for asthma
What - you ask
He's fun you Devi
You ask - he Devi security you
What will you stay there, I here? - I see you pop up there, sir
I have so much power does brave, you have to see a very big
Scaring your marriage? - Come to destroy marriage
Too do not like the wedding - Why It
He kaelalaekauṭa love
He
Kaelalaekauṭa
Love
Who did set Bloody
These days the young girls getting taste razed down
In fact, sir
Mahalaxmi girl is like - yes sir
How did he set araūṭa
Sir Bloody
He can wait a loving thought is here
Girl's father for you have sinned very sad
Where is it - there
The only normal one of them here, I think you know
You .. - Hey,
Mr. - Mr. Nam
Now go
Koda Ram Mohan
Sameer Dad Frida saāmabasaivama
Not want to marry the man I love your daughter conscription?
Yes
Real decision., Count does cry to die
... Right? I told him the topic
Not good to marry any girl he's not just your daughter
.. Especially with my daughter - do not do
Why
The wedding comes only if my Docs
Docs
That's what happened
Get
His father put down - I? - Or I?
He's seeing how my cousins ​​die bankruptcy is not her property
If you tapping on the wedding comes Docs
Is not it ...?
How ...?
Śaānakaraābaranama like him quickly understood
Both one Knei
I just do not like to hear you say that
Listening once more - hey ...........
Once something tells me not to listen
Could be the second choice of listening?
The Docs safely if you want to receive - Get that I'm ready to kill
If I want to take up the sword - but not right away bout saw blood?
Although getting a good trip?
Telugu speaking well - we had a Telugu people
After a Tamil family have an
Split more
Valli
Your mother
You can not believe that such a large son
I
That's why I'm the boy
And you arayagae ..?
I cousin
Did not her mother - my uncle did not GLB
He did not come out later
Agreed to come
Hello, sir - Hmm
John is not?
He too did not know John, I'm sorry Shut
These guys village bayaiyaeānae
Come sit
Eyes .. not see?
Vaāḍaivaenavada on his body?
He was here ..? - Sorry John
You do not nightmares
Drink coffee ..? - Bring say
Take Sir
Will not this one.?
Take Sir
It broke a valuable gold cups
He did think that shift
Who ..? Jones
He felt sad, who is doing now, you've been here he's gone
Felt sad
I think that the sperm intact
O ....
John is my brother's Secretary
Trust me
Only my brother see him
Why do not we see - not because we are crazy
Generations
Hmm
Åke
Come say
Hello
What?
Told to Talk
What you want to marry? - Why do I marry?
I asked why you want to marry - marry me what I asked
You're married sister Kingdom
Issue figured it ..?
-He Message Go
Or see my fish dance
Send
Miserable donkey
Coffee drink?
Coffee, sir - to stay in this marriage
That's when I feel freedom
You'd better make it possible
Come take a cup of tea - Ida bought Come
Not one, not one phone told Ida Ida
The dead master Kumar Naidu phone
Veera Swamy Naidu's brother, right ..?
Call one of the numbers in his Åke
We got to have a big gift
Tell him
Mr. Veera Swamy
I Koda you music together. The Frida I music together
Kingdom should not blame your brother's death
Her future husband naṁgaigae
If you want to kill her revenge
.. Not want to come home your kill him?
Who is watered. We talk to you that you have an faækaṭarai. You like to come
How can those outside the Kingdom home?
Engagement house
Party night
I'll prepare everything while drunk
You send your men, I'll get them
He woke up in the morning to be dead
Not nainadaedai
How did you read as my people
Tell everyone to come wearing green
If the next time someone calls
Do not look like a piece of the way alone
Kill
Fuck
Why did you put him alone because he sound
To be alone, because sound is put
Put the rest of the dead do not escape tongue even sound
Go
Hey Good Lakshmi
What ..?
Mood, fun to play ..?
Crap that I have no interest
Where generations St. generations. Smell
I had to do the first time, each girl
Open to lace pink sari .. back .. put Balwaan ... Chi Chi ..
Flora, Flora, hair spray attack
The look is like an alcoholic alcohol alcohol
Photos right ..? Cathari was a lot to see ....
Should not be willing or says Arama
You're doing
What did she actually heard haraiyanavada ..
Tell what happened
Do you secretly like this shit work like dad?
What her father did get nasty
His father was not his father
Some work was done well
He gave property
Gave big extras worth shit
Millions extras
To see your dad much offshore mafia
Would do dirty work .. How? It is God put finished ratchet Road
How much property?
When the money was just to not feel bad the other one
I really hate them ... they enjoyed
Nice ..? - Took a more happy person
Big one ...?
This is a surprise to those who do not know the difference between GNP property big
Of course not surprising ..
In fact, we like this .. When is more joy
When Does more ..? Do not feel sad ..?
I can prove it really four ways
Prove ..? See also
Have been the
Feel that time is when the
After the first one. - .. The first way you get?
So how can you get happy ...?
Why are you
Do not throw it would kill
Naævatatauvama a freedom you feel ..?
The second is how this is a big happiness
And surprisingly, feels how ..? - B .. It's the third way
Do not have an emergency I'll show exhibition
Displayed better get me
Visits to gavagananae Rookantha me why tamausaegae
It is for surprise
Yes, I still kept one's brains
You really feel like one, sir words
You thought wrong done everything
Where is he going
Will an iron rod
Which ones need - does not matter
This show that one out
Show more
Let cool to belong to Sir brains
I've got an investigation to clear my father said something
Turn a bit to say it that way
What took a paper
FeedBack Paper සර්
We're satisfied that this examination to faīḍabaæka
Joking with me ..?
There will kill all of you and my brother
That time came from people
You pull them I'll nix
Said.After
Who ..? - My group message inside ..
Eat well and drink Walk
Hey
I'm dying
Why do you die
Put him down
Love Birds
Like many sins regret
Very sad
They do not respect you love suffer when kidding ..?
Ran away without much worry winked. Get out of the village when they kill
If they kill us out of the village, other villages
Both enemies
Manifesto kill groom outside village
I stop to your local ones
It is not very busy
Then .. Can not go away?
The car is ready to arbitrary morning
You go away
Vaīrasavaāmaigae guys stay home when I get hit 6.00
7.00 I am your brother and together they finished works
When villagers clash with those vaīrasavaāmaigae 8.00
Police at 9:00 nice visit
10.00 people gathered
11.00 bride ran away the bad news coming
11.30 When you are in Chennai
10.40 apology for crying crying at your brother ...
The Docs will take my hand
Lady 11.40 level on your marriage
11.50 The laiyakaivaīlai Sameer Dad will go up.
11.55 to take you there Image
12.00 Frida great that your dad. You're right that
Taking his daughter came into my hands
12.01 .....
Celebrating victory
Hey groom
Dating thought to get one fixed plan
God has prepared another
Vaīrasavaāmaigae people inside home
I thought the groom's brother Kingdom
You groom right ..?
Where are trying to jump
We're holding the guy to poke Kingdom! Cousin
You need to get in cage was
Who was inside um̆balava
Who ..?
Who ..?
Brother
Brother she does not work like this
Leave him once leave him
What are you waiting for ..?
Cut carrying the bastard
Fire taiyapalalaā
What's wrong doing, he's your brother
My man
He's ever belief hey ash
That way decide
Listen to me brother
You do not get out of brother
One thief enemies it into my house, I h
Another new way of coming to kill him tomorrow, right?
Your sister does not like the gaivaisaganaīmaṭa
I love his heart
We do not want to give marriage
The coordination Tell your sister you scared
But tell me that in order to thrive
This is why it agreed to stop
They did get that I am planning
Docs have had your head down without invitation Competition
You try not to put the lives of petrol
Kingdom did not stop
Coming
We gahagamau
I do what my ex-wife hiding for years
Today Show to talk
PAIN road if you want to see how ..?
You'll property told
My sister tried to
Now, let Death
There are two complicated mainaihaekauṭama all.
.. When born, when people die.
Could not find anyone to answer both questions
But I want it that day has come
By my count began
The one here is going out
I am alone
I'm looking for three witnesses to answer questions
One problem for many years to come
4000 people are village
About six hundred private thugs
The girl is suffering from what
The first ever contentious land side
Boundary thirty minutes
Ten meters away from the Kingdom
Coming
Nandu
Nandu
Hey Nandu
What's this
Nandu
Vali the wrong side
Which side is the right side, but he's
Watch
Hey
Sorry Uncle
Sorry little girls
No, it's okay, dear new car
Just watching daughter drive
Space is broken a little back for
You hold
Should I push?
Get in, get in, get car
Come quickly climb
Goes ..? He is well-Uncle
I'm for you .....
I'll get an ambulance
Better go to the hospital in Chennai
Before I have a big job
Tell me what you want done
The ...
I gave one of my friend's site
It has some small problems
Want to see the guy in the village
I want to talk to him
I have to die error
You did not know it
If a fraud known
Know if an error
I hate to be a loss because no person
Want to talk to him
Who was one of your site ..?
If you say that
All things take care of my brother
Create frames, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
What happened - accident

If you take the police would not cope very badly wife
Come ma'am
Your father died, my guilt
You do not have to help me better to die
I live every day're imagining your dad calendar
I can not bear more pain
Do not give up brother
Once the knife daevaraājau not sleep
See put the knife down every night going to sleep well
Your father was a powerful man
As a die trying to live their life to save
1000 was a knife to kill whatever energy guy
Death appeared a penny tried to live
Your father
Show your dad know how good kaenakada
Stay living witness to my sister
My home smiling witness
The house walls bear witness
Keep the Docs
Take
This is not my thing. These belong
I'm not a good man
Your father was a great man
☯☯☯ThARakA NUwaN☯☯☯
Time is 12.00
Heckle seven days
To this
My daughter had a mortgage
To my wife at home maid
I like the heathen
Your father died
I for one like
What kind of little girl
See ..?
Even my wife did not speak with me for many years,
Talk with me
Be your dad too Prinsila
✌ ✌ bayaisakaeāpa English website for the 
frames design, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
Dad gave me birth
That girl gave Revival
Gave millions to find property
Kaelalaekauta love me so much
If one good we should prove that we gave good
Hey .. Because one phone can not balalaekavata
That deceived our people groom someone else raise go
It's a mess out of our people eat well
Who spared ..
If no sign of any rascaPs
I want to feel cut -'ll
I'm waiting how that death Kingdom
Car .. not going to see?
Kingdom die in my hands
Hello Hello
Phone uses, it is a bad accident disqualify himself
Stop
Hi Viraj
Sir, you're here
What happen ..?
That was just up the property ..
Parts do not care if that happened behind in bankruptcy remember ..?
Today, the shares have gone up ten million
Broker call someone to tell
The later you do not need anybody's help
That's why your luck
What do you want the same styles can get you
This is the phone I had to say, but
It haeāyaāgaenama you wanted to see your face when the response came
I've finished the Depositary
My hand had just even just paper money, Dad wanted
This is my story
Every one is a hero blueprint that
No matter how much trouble he
She will defeat all the same
The girl was nowhere to life? Asked a question that your life ..
You're given up
Is there a better guy than me dad
You're my hero story
You're the hero dad
Satayamaūrataigae son of proud
You gave me my life, property
✌ ✌ bayaisakaeāpa English website for the 
frames design, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
When asked sweater and got myself in my house a year
Naǣnaṭa more happy ..
My brother got sick disease
My mother came face smile
Just say so and why did ōkayai
Where did Mr. Koda trade.
✌ ✌ bayaisakaeāpa English website for the 
frames design, translation and subtitles simultaneously
 Nuwan Tharaka Dilhara ҉ ҉ 
Please Save author rights. ❃ _______________ 1 ۩۩ 1 _______________ ❃
