Encoded By Parth Bhayani 
INdia Rocks!!
The heavy metal is great. The punk shit sucks.
It does not belong to this world! It belongs to the fucking Mars!
For me, Madonna can go to Hell. It's an idiot.
Again, the heavy metal ...
The heavy metal is definitely great.
In 1986, something strange happened.
The heavy metal music became more popular in the world.
And everywhere were guys with long hair
making the sign of the horns of the Devil
and playing air guitar.
But not everyone liked.
Critics called it an unsophisticated music,
for unsophisticated people.
An article came to be called sick, disgusting, horrible and dangerous.
Tipper Gore, wife of future U.S. Vice President,
parents led a charge to censor the heavy metal
resulting in the now familiar warning labels.
"Birds do it, bees do it" by Cole Porter,
can not be compared with "I fucks like a beast" WASP.
I tell you, are aberrant obscenities.
Religious groups have launched a crusade against heavy metal
feared that the Devil was a vehicle
He created a satanic epidemic among adolescents.
The letters have become a serious problem because
glorify give glamor, and packaged evil.
And then came the lawsuits.
Artists metalheads were sued for inciting to suicide and homicide.
The heavy metal was the moral panic of the moment.
And fans of metal, were considered hopeless cases,
the dregs of society.
How do I know all this? Because I was one of them.
My name is Sam Dunn and this is me in 1986.
Tarrero rocker crumbs. Call me whatever you want.
I am a metalhead and proud.
I grew up in Victoria,
known as the land of the newlyweds and the dying.
A quiet town on the western border of Canada.
The last place you'd expect to find metal.
But I found it and entered a whole new world.
Iron Maiden, Mötley Crüe, Van Halen.
This was the first metal that fell in love.
I listened to "Number of the Beast" 25 times in one day
doing "air guitar" in the front yard of my house.
To dream of being Iron Maiden.
But at age 13, I needed something a little heavier.
I discovered extreme metal.
Beneath the Remains, Altars of Madness, Pleasure to Kill.
Were some of the fastest and most brutal albums I could find.
Soon I played in my own metal band,
I had my own radio show called "Overkill"
and attended every concert of extreme metal that came to town.
At age 19, went to college.
and since the metal was not in the curriculum,
I decided to study anthropology.
Anthropology is the study of human cultures
and loved it, because I could look very different societies to mine.
For my exam grade, I traveled to Central America
and did my thesis on the struggles of refugees from Guatemala.
But there was always a culture that really wanted to study:
The heavy metal.
This music has millions of passionate fans worldwide.
Yet, for 35 years, has been stereotyped, dismissed and condemned.
I know because I've been advocating for 12 years.
Why so opposed metal provokes reactions?
I answer this question.
So, this is my journey.
Will introduce the world of heavy metal.
<b>METAL: THE JOURNEY OF A Metalero</b>
Before the issue of how the heavy metal has divided people,
I want to explore a subject that has long divided by the metalheads:
What becomes the first heavy metal band?
This has been debated for decades.
So, this seems the best place to start my journey.
<b>THE ORIGINS</b>
History of Heavy Metal
METAL PRIMER
If you want to investigate the first metal bands, you think back to Blue Cheer.
Nobody talks about them, because something went unnoticed,
but they were, at one point
the trio of the moment loud and metallic.
The heavy metal was present in the lyrics of Born to Be Wild
written by Dennis Edmonton Canadian / Mars Bonfire.
Actually, he meant the whole experience
you know, big bikes running down the road.
To me, that I came up with Led Zeppelin.
They just appeared,
people began to use the term heavy metal.
And I knew instantly that this sound was heavy "something".
Today, I would say that was probably Deep Purple.
They were the first to have an incredible staging
and the first to incorporate a lot of pyrotechnics.
In fact, the first time this term was used
was referred to Alice Cooper
in Rolling Stone, for an interview with us
I think that in 71, 72, 73, or something.
There was a photograph of a giant holding me
and said: "Blablabla is heavy metal."
All metal band has a musical debt
with Black Sabbath. They were the source.
Without a doubt. The first metal band Black Sabbath.
Everything has been great riff written by Black Sabbath.
Everything else is doing is basically a copy.
It touches something different, faster, slower,
but they already did it.
For me, Black Sabbath tap as the first metal band.
It was here in the streets of Birmingham, in 1970,
where Sabbath gave a dark and sinister twist to the music.
Most people associate Black Sabbath with Ozzy Osbourne,
now known as the dad in a Reality TV show.
But it was Tony Iommi, Sabbath guitarist,
responsible for creating the sound of the band
and the first true heavy metal riffs.
When I heard the term heavy metal for the first time, knew what they were saying.
It was many years ago.
When, during an interview, someone said: "This is heavy metal"
I said, "What, what's that?"
It just happened that I created a style of music
that everyone liked it when we started writing riffs.
And then, Black Sabbath seemed to sound so different.
These few notes, you know, then everyone would say:
"God, this is great. We love it."
We love the feeling, we bristle hairs.
We got the feeling .. that we were as a band.
That sound, you know, demonic, is what attracted us.
We liked what we did.
We liked the idea of ​​a diabolical sound riffs.
<b>THE SOUND</b>
From Black Sabbath, diabolical sound
has become a characteristic element of heavy metal.
But what makes metal sound evil?
The blues scale is the B flat, the newt.
Is the note of the devil.
In the old days, would not let you use that note,
but Black Sabbath ... the song bearing that title,
Hence the 5th works completely diminished, the newt.
In the Middle Ages, the newt was identified as the Devil's music because
apparently, was the sound of when invoking the beast.
There is something very sexual in the sound of newt.
I think in the Middle Ages, people were frightened, unknowingly,
when they heard something and felt the reaction in their bodies,
thought, "Here comes the Devil."
There is a constant battle in the heavy metal
to be more evil than the previous bands.
This has kept me in the metal all these years.
But there is more to music than just sound evil.
If you have an electric guitar, with good amplification and distortion,
not have the metal core.
You also need to have a strong bass sound.
Bass with bass and the drums.
And usually, a vocalist who can cover all this,
usually with a shrill voice.
They can be soft, cute, shy ...
Should be strong, one way or another.
Sing you!
LONDON
As a guy who did "air guitar" in front of my house,
my favorite band was Iron Maiden.
I memorized every note, every riff and every single one.
Maiden was part of the "New Wave of British Heavy Metal"
movement emerged from the foundations left by the first metal bands.
They perfected a sound faster, heavier,
and more melodic than its predecessors.
Now I go to interview
the legendary Maiden vocalist Bruce Dickinson.
And if Sam knew this 12 years, would be beside himself.
But I remain calm, even when they interviewed
the scene of the famous London venue, the Hammersmith Odeon.
Let's start talking.
My intention as a "frontman"
is trying to find the guy in the background
30,000 people behind the festival, and say:
Yes you.
"Yes, you. You"
And then type: "Me? Yo!"
And you can do. I really can do it.
With the metal, regardless of whether the microphone is there,
you still sound like by projecting the back of the room,
as if a tremendous effort involved.
And so you get the return.
And in particular, people like Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden
or Rob Halford of Judas Priest,
have an operatic style of vocal production
that developed in the 19th century, before there was amplification
to reach the bottom of the room.
Literally, you excite the crowd.
On a good night, when everything is right,
This shrinks the place where you are.
And it should, in the end ... I, in particular,
because I'm crying all and runs everywhere,
should be the place shrinking size of your thumb.
You come and compact all.
Brazil, Rock in Rio! Good night!
Dickinson's operatic style
has had an enormous impact on heavy metal music.
And although people do not associate the metal virtuoso music styles
like classical music or opera,
are these influences that make the metal is unique.
<b>MUSICAL ROOTS</b>
The classic metal roots are pretty obvious.
I'd say most of the followers, the really good ones,
were fans of classical music dark.
Classical dark, powerful and heavy, like Wagner.
In fact, he restructured the orchestra.
He entered tubas, double basses, including a octobajo,
which is twice the size
and requires two people to touch.
A guy on a bench to hold it and other
you know, another to play it.
And he charged both the lower octaves of their orchestras,
that when their bands played, the walls shook.
He had many basses.
It was the first time I heard it live.
I still think that if Wagner were alive today,
probably would play in Deep Purple,
or Beethoven would have been happy playing in Led Zeppelin.
And the same music, being so huge,
and without amplification stage, but orchestration
I think again that the environment belongs to the metal.
Classical music is associated with university learning.
Bach did not go to college, not Mozart.
You know, virtuosos who were known as improvisers.
That describes Bach as well as Van Halen.
From Van Halen, the guitars became so direct, so good
the violin and organ models were made relevant to the guitar,
it was an instrument like the piano, you play a note and vanishes.
But not anymore, you play a note and lasts, because it feeds.
And suddenly, you have the classic models still relevant
because of technological changes.
Of course, heavy metal music has another ancestor,
whose roots lie in the south of America.
The root of all rock 'n roll
is in the blues and the music of slaves.
The guitar is an African instrument.
You know, there it all started.
The origins of the metal can actually be traced back to the blues
in America. And that, of course, is a music of the oppressed
and aimed at people who needed something different.
The worker who was leaving the factory
wanted that energy flow in a different way,
as a diversion that was theirs alone.
Have you been influenced by the blues?
A lot. I loved the blues. Because that was the beginning.
In fact, before calling Black Sabbath,
We were a blues band and jazz.
Our first influence was really the American blues
processed with the sensitivity of British rock musicians.
You know, we took the blues and forwarded it.
<b>ENVIRONMENTS</b>
See the story of Black Sabbath,
and even Deep Purple and of course Led Zeppelin.
They had no settled home
and therefore, matured and learned how to present their music
people who came from a similar situation.
Describe for Aston.
Basically, a shit hole.
Very rude, very ... Not a good area.
But it was not for people. Just ruined.
And I hated living there. I hated it. At first ...
because my parents moved there and I was with them
and I think that influenced our music,
the area where we came from
may have given more meaning.
The place where we come from ...
There are many great metal factories there.
You know, the factories of "heavy metal" are all there.
There are aluminum and steel.
And you can see the impact on the environment around you
and also in people.
Indoors and others who have been abandoned
You can see many things in people and not nice.
The view at night
was going to stand next to the phone booth.
Because it was the only source of light in all people.
And it was in the middle, so everybody came and told stories.
If any woman unfortunate were to happen there ...
There was no hope.
But it is true in every small town and in any nation.
It comes from having grown up in a place like Des Moines.
And there are more people who grow up in such places than you think.
This is a fact.
It's a place where churches get over it.
It's a place you grow up in a cemetery, because
is the only place that actually has something interesting.
It is a place where your friends prefer suicide to use their imagination.
That is, there is nothing, so you should create you a new world in your head.
And that really creates strong personalities
and so, many people are coming from Iowa
probably the sickest you can see.
On Saturday night,
you know, you hear gunshots.
Only hear.
Do not even ask, "Was that a shot?"
You sure about that, because it's Saturday night.
How does that become part of Lamb of God ..
- It becomes part of the landscape.
- Part of your psyche.
The kids are bored and restless,
you know, especially if they have problems at home.
His parents, substance abuse,
It all adds a. ..
you know, cause ...
an angry young musician.
It is a denial of ...
the world that you delivered.
One says: "This is boring everyday existence in secondary
Use of this shit ... No! "
This is mine, that I treasure,
and "fuck you, I will do what I say."
<b>THE FANS</b>
I have 13 years, turns 14 on Halloween,
and raised in a small town in Quebec
where they all like Shania Twain and Avril Lavigne.
And I changed a lot in recent years,
and I said, "What happened?" "Now Satan."
Does that make a statement to you?
Yes, a statement is: "Go to hell".
Many people of my people would prefer me to dress in jeans or something,
Wal-Mart clothes.
But I decided otherwise, and people should accept it.
Most of the metalheads, if you say something, they have
their own opinions and can say: "This is what I think."
Do not try to hear the same music you hear your friends,
not trying to hear what is fashionable to be accepted.
It is often found on the metal: trust, because it is a loud music,
it gives you the ability to stand up and say, "Fuck you!"
"I like this band, and if you do not, do not buy the album and do not listen."
My name is Joe Bottiglieri, I have 34 years.
I was born in White Plains, New York. I am an ex-marine and I will be forever.
I'm director of technology in a professional services firm in New York.
And I'm a metalhead at heart.
He accompanied me in many difficult moments of my life.
Since I was 12 years, metal has been a constant
and many of the lyrics speak to me, on a personal level,
about to stand firm in my convictions.
This music is a lifestyle.
Everything else is like, "Yeah, I liked it for a week, but I lost interest."
But in the metal, the fans love him forever.
I'm not a casual person. If I like something, it's serious.
And it's not casual music.
Nobody says, "Yes, I really liked Slayer, a summer".
You know, I've never met a guy like that.
I have only known types that lead to Slayer recorded in his chest.
No major vein, that's fine.
No streams of blood.
If you listen to The Replacements or The Smiths or something when young,
they say: "If you feel weird and different, you're smart."
or say, "You're different, but you should feel happy to be."
But the metal, it really seems to say: "I feel weird, but you're not."
So, I always was interested in the idea of ​​"Kiss Army".
It was this idea that if you like Kiss,
means that you are part of this massive group of people
which has the same values ​​as you.
Kiss's songs always seem to imply
that being a fan of Kiss, harass someone.
If you hear the song "Crazy Nights"
implies that someone tries to avoid being like Kiss
I think it's a brilliant idea, is part of the attraction of the metal,
makes people feel that there is a way to understand your loneliness
but a way to feel part of something bigger than yourself
because everything in the metal is larger than life.
It gives an alternate universe, a life of imagination
where they can see the music.
And usually inspires many to take a guitar and start playing.
I'm Eric Bryan, I have 17 years, I'm from California and bassist.
- Are you also a student?
- Yes, I'm a student.
The metal, in particular, does something for you.
How do you think that is?
No other style can like it, do not identify with them.
No matter how you listen, it makes me rap is not all.
The metal is more aggressive and I can identify with him.
And I've always been interested in anything that requires you to drill down to understand it.
Because with some things, scratch the surface and there it is,
but with the metal so many meanings,
whether religious or life. There is something for everyone.
Why is music so important to you?
It's something I can always tell.
That is, in life, you know, sometimes we have ups and downs.
But you had a good or a bad day,
music will be there for you and that is very important.
This brings your mind to an eternal boy of 15 years.
If you come to losing that 15 year old boy in you,
then it loses all meaning and people begin to say
"Yes, it was a part of my life that much ashamed."
"I wore those clothes and that stupid long hair."
You know, people are ashamed of as they were when young.
There are still people who ask me these days:
"When you grow up and you take off that shirt?"
And send them to hell. I use it because I like and not because it is popular.
I am who I am and if that makes me an idiot,
GQ or not I am not in vogue, really, I do not care.
It is music for marginalized marginalized subjects.
And boy, I was an outcast and lonely and I think ...
and it all starts. You are interested in strange things.
do not care about baseball, but the Manson family.
Not because you look great, since there seems to be great
as you become the "weird kid" and nobody wants to be,
only end up to be, no matter by what means.
And the metal is that, except that brings all the boys rarely in one place.
<b>CULTURE</b>
I'm off to Wacken festival.
Mecca of the culture of heavy metal.
Here, 40,000 fans descend on a small town in Germany
for 4 days of beer, partying and heavy metal.
But it's 2:00 am, do not have passes,
and none of us speak a word of German.
We will stay. We slept on the floor.
But with the power of farce,
we give the organizer of the festival, Thomas Jensen,
who did not pass and some scolding.
Are they crazy or what?
- Sam Dunn.
- In the middle of the night!
We had a very difficult day. Lost luggage.
What a surprise!
This is the festival grounds.
Tomorrow, this place is packed with metalheads
come to worship their gods of metal.
I'm in heaven, you know? I'm in the fucking sky.
- We come from Italy.
Where do they come from?
In Italy, yes.
Health.
OUTDOOR FESTIVAL GERMANY WACKEN
It's the first morning Wacken music.
Since most fans are hungover.
Even me.
I look really bad. Do not get too close.
God! Give me an antacid.
Wacken is more than just music.
It is a feast of everything related to the metal.
Here you will find the market of metal,
breakfast metal, metal karaoke.
You can even play foosball heavy metal.
- Oh, great!
- I can play?
- Who is that?
- I love Dio.
It should be of black metal to death metal.
The fans travel thousands of miles, more than 20 countries to be in Wacken.
As an anthropologist, I am here to explore
elements that unify this group of fans.
The good thing about festivals is that you can find everything you want.
T-bands, everything. All it represents.
It's the look, the image. Is the uniform.
What makes the metal in a culture, is ...
the music first, no doubt. And second ...
Uniform is not the right word, but it's the dress.
They dress in a way that distinguishes them immediately as metalheads.
The color black is very important. Leather is very important.
Silver is good in the clinches. In fact, it is silver, but nickel.
The black in Western culture is very interesting.
Represents danger, represents evil,
but also freedom
outside the light of day, where people do not see you.
The kids who like metal, they look like they like metal.
Now it's different, but first
all had long hair, dressed in black, with tattoos.
And it's funny, it was like an army of boys.
The metal is much more unified manner of dress,
because the support of the masses has declined in the last 35 years.
The metal is kept alive by dedicated fans at heart.
They are publishing magazines, radio programs do,
run independent record labels,
and create news sites and internet chat rooms.
The underground is only a network of friends.
You know, all those involved.
Some help printing t-shirts,
another drive, another help from friends
coming and helping to load and unload the truck,
selling the shirts. It's a community.
Yes, do you know Goddess of Desire? We took three CDs.
Also on vinyl, of course. True metal.
For me, metal is a brotherhood.
I think that's what keeps it alive.
You know, I pass on to our younger brothers and our friends.
It's a lifestyle. I, I just wake up,
Slayer put on my stereo. Before you do anything.
Some people wake up and read the newspaper, drinking coffee,
I listen to Slayer or Testament.
It's in your blood, is the air you breathe.
Is a substructure of society.
because what attracts fans including metal, is a tribal attitude.
Is: "We go to a festival and have fun."
And the fact that the outside world does not understand, is fantastic.
Another thing I love about metal is that it's so huge,
and yet there are people who do not even know exists.
Incredible! It's one of my favorite bands,
and see them in front of 40,000 people is a dream come true.
The best concert I've ever seen. I was in the pit.
It was awesome. Awesome.
Wacken hosts a wide range of metalheads.
To an outsider, it is difficult to understand
how all these bands fall into the same group.
Even the most diehard fan of the metal, becomes complex.
So, you might want to take notes.
The first metal bands, along with hard rock, shock rock and punk
engendered a lot of sub-genres.
Each to their own sound, lyrics and appearance.
These are power metal, the new wave of British heavy metal,
progressive metal, glam metal, pop metal,
stoner metal, hardcore, thrash metal,
the first wave of black metal, norwegian black metal,
grindcore, death metal, Swedish death metal,
metalcore, grunge, gothic metal, industrial metal,
hard alternative, nu metal,
and the new wave of American metal.
But do not worry, I'm in Wacken fans to focus on,
not to know bands in each sub-genre of metal.
Although there are a couple of bands
I can not resist the chance to meet.
We are facing the door.
We are in the brewery. Come join us.
My first interview is with the Norwegian black metal band, Mayhem.
The most controversial group of underground metal.
The band's lead singer blew his brains out with a shotgun,
and then his companions made necklaces with pieces of his skull.
Warning: This interview gets a little strange.
The history of metal. Go on.
You know, we are very true to ourselves.
Never traded our music. Only launched.
If people do not like, let them go to hell.
Why we're here.
Because Germany sucks for us!
We are here to make a statement.
Say, "Yes, Mayhem! We are great!"
"We are the best metal band out there!"
If people do not recognize, let them go to hell!
Never negotiate, or give concessions.
Get out the crap! Do you understand?
Can you repeat the question?
- We talked to many people who say ...
"In What?
They say the black metal begins to distance ...
- Who are they?
- ... With its roots.
Who? Who the fuck are you talking about?
Let them go to hell!
- Do you feel anything?
- Let them go to hell.
Yes, I have something to add: Go away to hell!
Beer and interviews are not a good combination.
But I know a guy who can speak: Ronnie James Dio.
He is the godfather of power metal,
the sub-genre of fantasy and the average metal.
Think of swords, spells, gentlemen, dungeons and dragons
and get the power metal.
One of the things that Ronnie is known,
is to have invented the devil horns,
the most enduring symbol of the heavy metal culture.
I have Italian ancestry.
My grandparents on both sides, paternal and maternal
came to America, Italy, and had superstitions.
And as a child, I always saw my grandmother, you know,
I held his hand, walking down the street.
I saw someone and did ...
What is that? Then I knew that was called "malocchio"
and was a protection for when someone does not check the "evil eye".
Or you can throw someone the "evil eye".
So, is it up? No.
Have you perfected and gave importance? Yes.
Because I did well, especially with this great band is Sabbath,
I already had an incredible reputation and pair it with the meaning that people give.
I have the good fortune to have done so many times,
I attribute it to me, more than any other.
Although Gene Simmons says he invented it.
After all, Gene invented breathing and shoes and everything.
What metal makes it unique?
What makes the bands and metal culture unique?
I think it is, above all, it's like one big family
of people who share one thing that is metal.
And I love it and are really "them against the world."
And I think that is important and so it has lasted so long.
Thanks, guys. Thank you, Ronnie. It was great.
Clearly, my experience here,
heavy metal that shares something with all cultures:
A sense of belonging to a lifestyle.
And now, I have explored the roots of metal
and what it means for their fans,
it's time to turn my attention to why the metal has caused
such strong negative reactions in people.
Why the heavy metal has been consistently stereotyped,
rejected and condemned?
Is there someone to write better lyrics than Lemmy?
Your first line in this masterpiece is: "squeeze my lizard".
How could you not love Lemmy?
We have Sam Dunn in the study.
Sam has been traveling the world,
making a documentary about heavy metal.
Welcome to New York, Sam.
I knew I just got the Wacken festival in Germany.
That must be very powerful. I've always wanted to attend.
Come to the point, what has been your favorite interview so far?
It's hard to choose, but I would say,
likely, given my long history as a music fan,
Bruce Dickinson interview Iron Maiden
on stage at the Hammersmith Odeon,
with balcony in the background. It was amazing.
And we knew that Dee Snider interview tomorrow.
It's always nice to talk to Dee, is very open.
Give my regards.
<b>CENSORSHIP</b>
For some parents, in the 80's,
Dee Snider of Twisted Sister was the most dangerous type of the planet.
This is when the metal had its first organized attack.
Twisted Sister, along with 8 other metal bands,
appeared on a list called "The 15 Obscene"
because his music was considered offensive
Center for Parental Music Resource.
Dee Snider was summoned to testify before the U.S. Congress
to defend his music and his livelihood.
1984 was a very foolish time to Twisted Sister.
We heard things about the Music Resource Center Parental
and Tipper Gore, but without paying much attention,
because we had protests from religious groups in each show,
So it was just another group of parents who, you know,
Twisted Sister put on their list of targets.
We always talk about the positive aspects of the music industry
but of course, have highlighted the excesses that have been allowed
and we have focused our efforts on those excesses.
Someone reported that a Senate committee
organized a session on censorship with CPRM
and wanted to know if I could attend and speak.
When I heard this, I took it as:
They want me to load the banner into battle.
"Sure! Style Braveheart."
Braveheart or even premiered, but that kind of mentality.
"Give me the damn flag! Go!"
I knew they ...
like everyone else, I underestimated.
I knew they saw me as just another empty-headed rocker,
and I would go to make me look like an idiot and help your cause.
They knew that I could articulate words in fluent English.
And I cut my jacket, my tight jeans,
my snakeskin boots, a little makeup,
and my long hair.
There was no special clothing. I am a filthy and I'm proud.
And I played with these people, you know ...
Mentally, angry to death.
I wore my speech in my back pocket,
had prepared him for a couple of weeks,
and improved and refined to make a nuclear weapon.
Folding a billion times,
as a bad guy who takes his work to school.
I opened it and stretched it on the table, intentionally.
And they said, "Wow, this guy is a lamb brought to slaughter."
And I began to read.
Since I seem to be the only person called to this meeting today
has been a direct target of accusations of allegedly responsible CPRM.
I take this opportunity to speak in a personal tone
and show how unfair
can this concept of interpretation and opinion letters
and how many times can mean more than just slander.
And I began to destroy all their accusations,
showing, leaving no doubt,
that all accusations were wrong and false,
and they waved and waved.
They said that "Under the Blade" was about sadomasochism,
when the operation was about our guitarist throat.
Does not take much imagination to conclude
it is something more than surgery and hospitals,
and neither are mentioned in the song.
Does not require much imagination, but I have said at one point
Dump the songs of imagination,
experiences and dreams of people in the letters.
People can interpret in many ways.
Ms. Gore was looking for sadomasochism and found him.
Anyone looking for surgical references may also find them.
Tipper Gore told I had a dirty mind
and Al Gore almost jumps over the table.
They put "We're not Gonna Take it" in the "15 Obscene" by violence
and was no more violent than the Declaration of Independence.
The CPRM sort songs by violence, occultism,
sex, drugs and alcohol.
And while Dee Snider talks about throat surgery and defend your rights,
most metal songs deal with issues far more provocative,
issues such as hedonism, religion, death and sexuality.
<b>GENDER AND SEXUALITY</b>
Heavy metal has traditionally been
dominated by men. It is a fact.
It was a boys' club, and being very aggressive music,
not get the sympathy of the female audience.
Not excluded by the way, just happened.
It's a very strong music loudly y. ..
It is supposed to be strong.
You do not look terribly strong, but, you know,
on buses, on tour,
types exercise their muscles with weights, before going on stage.
So the force is one of the elements.
But they also use tools very effectively, is another part
thought that working-class male.
For many in the metal came from an attitude of musicians.
Young people who wanted to play really fast solos.
It's like teen angst
combined with the desire to be a good musician,
which represented many of our first hearing
and for some reason, seemed to be mainly boys.
All you have as a young anxieties about gender,
at least for a moment, disappear.
It is an issue that has to do with the man / woman.
Then get this heroic world, exclusively male
that men are grouped together and do the work.
and is a way of thinking about sex, without thinking about gender.
You may want to call it sexist, but you'd be forgetting one thing.
Men, in Western culture means "freedom"
and women always try to tie them and tame them.
So that's part of the element of masculinity.
The metal is probably the final blow
a real rebellion, true masculinity,
Real men grouped and hitting his chest.
It is perfectly normal for men to go to a concert of metal,
take off the shirt, shook it over his head and go crazy
instead of trying to be sensitive idiots or whatever.
I love women and I have much respect for them,
but at the same time, I am a man.
I like hanging out with men and be silly and simple.
I think the metal is one of the few places you can do that.
Superficially, the metal appears to be hyper-masculine and aggressive.
But is it that simple?
There is another part of this culture,
that the guys really look like girls.
How to forget the glam metal?
Influenced by the shock rock bands of the 70,
glam was largely responsible for making the metal
the most popular music of the 80's.
So I go to their place of birth, Sunset Strip,
to speak with the lead singer of Mötley Crüe, Vince Neil,
on how the image of heavy metal was transformed from leather to lace.
Everyone came to LA to play.
It was crazy. The Sunset Boulevard was ...
crowded, from ...
from punks to new romantics
to heavy metal ...
and all that are in between.
Sunset Boulevard is crammed with thousands of people.
Guys who looked like girls and girls who appeared types. It was very bizarre.
We just wanted to see us tough, with the leather and stuff.
And then, obviously, in the photo shoots,
you wear makeup and try to look good.
It just turned out well and then, with the new version of Motley,
with Theater of Pain, we wanted to do the opposite of what we had done,
more lace and fur.
You know, to talk to people.
I can not explain.
At no point questioned my sexuality and was up there wearing lingerie.
And my wife, my then girlfriend who was getting dressed.
I told him: "Great." Whatever it was, "Sox? Okay."
"Attracting more attention? Will I get in trouble?
"Let's do it. ¿Angry people? Of course."
I met with Poison, as a photographer at the time,
and showed me Vogue, Elle, Cosmo and told me:
"So we look."
The result was the cover of their first album.
And there were guys out there who wanted to sleep with the girls in Poison.
It is the rebellion against what is supposed to be men,
using things that are usually associated with women:
Makeup, long hair, colorful costumes and bright.
That became hyper-masculine identity,
look like a woman.
What will you do if you want to reveal as a man?
Are you going to dress even more severe than your father?
You can not go in that direction, but you can go in the opposite direction.
Something that struck me was a fan who wrote to a magazine
and talked about having the guts to be glam.
So being feminine is more masculine than you could get to do.
It shows that many things we consider natural and unchangeable
and that the appearances of things as they really are not.
Something intriguing about the heavy metal
it's like these guys have effeminate, on the one hand,
or ultra-masculine, with clothing and bulge in his pants,
for an audience that was 90% male.
Wherever you see it, there's something very bizarre homo-erotic about it.
There is definitely something odd about all this
seeing men like women or men
or men being very manly and is almost like ... not most,
you know, that appearance dressed in leather gay West Village.
In fact, some doctors should examine this.
There were fans who rejected that and said, "That's gay."
Those fans do not understand what it means to be gay. That is ...
Did not know that Rob Halford was gay
and exhibited in leather clothing gay bar
you know, with leather, rivets and all.
The gay fans knew where that came from
and straight fans saw more hetero than anyone.
As far as being gay when he was quite the opposite.
What would you do if you saw Rob Halford here?
I jump up!
Although only 10% of viewers are women,
there was a gay scene backstage at concerts.
In fact, I never saw one.
Rob Halford always kept hidden
and I know a couple of other gay metalheads heavy
they never revealed.
The rock 'n roll heavy metal, is very masculine, very straight.
When a type bustling with tight leather pants,
not see it as, "It's shaking his penis in front of me."
They see it as, "Yeah, fuck that girl. I would like to be him to get girls."
At the time, I did not drink, did not use drugs
had not had sex or had broken the law.
And listening to Mötley Crüe
seemed that those were the only things they did.
According to his letters, that was the totality of their existence.
When you go out with the guys from Mötley, you see women as they really are
and how the girls look much
are in incredibly compromising positions
without any shame.
There were situations where the couple had a bus waiting outside the
while his girls were on their heels in the air inside the bus.
And I was amazed to see how this guy ... you know,
Do you think you came for an autograph?
Because when you go out and kiss him, you have no breath mint, I assure you.
When young, my room was lined with photos of heavy metalheads
and the occasional semi-naked groupie.
Now I will talk to the world's most famous groupie, Pamela Des Barres,
who wrote: "I'm with the band" on the lifestyle of a groupie.
This is a view of sexuality in the culture of heavy metal
rarely get to hear.
What is a groupie for you?
A groupie is a girl usually comes out with the groups.
Hence the word.
You know, I'm with the band.
Want partying and being in the middle of the sound.
It makes you feel good, makes you feel warm,
makes you feel that anything can happen.
I think it started with Led Zeppelin, debauchery.
Of course I know girls that Elvis had lots of sex.
This has always happened.
But I think the idea of ​​girls ready for anything
to be with a guy, started with Led Zeppelin.
The biggest complaint is that the groupies are treated as the weaker sex objects.
That is absurd!
Because they are exactly where you want to be.
Women partying with the bands, are not drawn
to their rooms, dressing rooms, buses or whatever.
They want to be there. Make every effort possible
to get to be with these bands and do exactly what they want.
I love women. Should always be naked backstage.
I love looking at them. It's great.
I do not regret anything.
You sleep with girls, go out the back window
and others come through the front door.
Sex, drugs and rock 'n roll, this is exactly how you live.
And then you begin to realize that this is also a job.
It's a business, not just constant parties.
When I left the road and decided enough was enough,
take me long to re-embrace a woman with sincerity.
They were all bristles. And you start a. ..
Many of these types, you know,
shit head still for that, you know?
Many are still trying to carry that lifestyle, they do not know anything else, but
You become a product of that environment and say, "God, what have I done?"
And then you start thinking: "One day I will have a child,"
"And if someone touches a child and killed him."
I always ask, "If you had a daughter, leave her? - Of course."
Do you know why? Because I had a great time.
Not change any of my experiences with these people.
I think in the classical era of metal,
women really did not participate,
nor created, nor have any power in this.
All they did was hold her boyfriend's jacket in the corner.
They were not at all involved. But then something happened.
I think with Girlschool, we earn respect.
When we're on stage, people would show much respect.
- Yes
- It's great.
But I was in bands before Girlschool,
that scene, I wondered if he tuned the guitar to guitar.
That kind of condescending comments.
Because it is expected to touch a woman guitar.
You know, it's always been.
They tried to, you know ...
get a little more in the ...
sexy female image,
but without power, and I did not like.
Seal People told me:
"Get rid of the leather in the first place, be more feminine." And I thought:
"Oh, no. I can not. I can not do that."
"I do not want to. I want to be myself."
The talent does not always enough,
in the eyes of the masses and the public.
You must be attractive and that is a nuisance. That is ...
- And why is that?
- The metal is full of ugly types.
- Especially in the metal?
-Yes, exactly.
Is full, really.
Any band you mention, I will say they are ugly.
We carry the only girl band of the time, Girlschool, on a tour.
No one wanted to get involved in that.
Even the rest of my band said, "Oh, are girls."
And I said, "To hell, are good. Whatever."
And I always said about Kelly:
"It's good to be girl." And I said: "It's better than you."
In fact, I interviewed Kim and Jackie.
I asked if the metal was a boys' club.
- And they agreed.
Well.
And I say to have more fun than any band of men I've ever seen.
They misbehave, do you understand?
And also drink to get under the table.
- I have no further questions.
Is that's all.
And even wondered what it's like an old-girl band.
An old-girl band ...
- Okay, how?
- A shit.
How old is to be in a boy band?
From Girlschool, women have become more visible in the metal,
not only leading some of the biggest metal bands in the world,
but dominating the technical extreme male grunts.
At festivals today, you see many women who belong to a gang,
so it is no longer a boys' club.
And I think the boys are also excited about it,
it must have been boring to see only ugly, sweaty types.
You know, this ... There are now women.
This loosens the environment.
I receive many emails from girls who say:
"I saw you live and it's great to see where you've come."
"I formed a band and want to."
Is it important for you to have a tough personality on stage?
Yes, because I'm tough on stage.
I feel very strongly when I'm on stage
and I give it to people who are facing the stage.
If you get a lot of strength and power,
just want it back the same way to these people.
Arch Enemy!
Thank you very much.
<b>RELIGION AND SATAN</b>
Be called sexist boys' club is one thing;
but what is being called blasphemous?
I will speak again with Ronnie James Dio.
We got along very well at the festival in Wacken,
so I invited him home to continue our conversation.
Like many artists of the metal,
Ronnie's music is full of religious symbolism,
yet its messages are rejecting religions
especially Christianity.
So I'm curious to hear your opinion
on religious obsession metal.
Do you know if someone has patented this?
I think not. I think we can use it.
There you go, buddy. It's time to do a Gene Simmons.
As I understand, Gene patented the OJ, as in "orange juice"
never been patented, so he did.
So every time someone mentions OJ,
not on OJ Simpson, but the orange juice,
he gets money for it.
Which style seems so Gene.
Because it is so bright. Absolutely brilliant.
I want to hear your perspective on
how religion has influenced your music.
As a child I was always afraid of the nuns,
Penguins big hit you with a ruler, as they always did.
Or the fact that if you do something wrong, you'll go to Hell,
and, you know, suffer terribly.
"Leave me alone, what happens?"
So for me the world is between "Heaven and Hell."
That song is the fact that, in my view,
we live in Heaven and in Hell.
God and the Devil are in all of us
and it is our choice to take the path of good or evil.
If there is no Christianity, the metal would not exist as we know it.
Religion is really crucial to this.
Most of the creators of metal, at least, several years ago,
had a religious upbringing.
Many years ago when we started,
someone gave us some crosses and said he would protect us.
We never went anywhere without a cross
and even today, I've never been on the scene without a cross
and has become the symbol of the band, we have them everywhere.
I have them on my guitar and have them on stage.
Do not touch without a cross.
The heavy metal, from its inception, has been linked to Satanism
and while the Black Sabbath song spoke of Satan as something to fear,
something that could be described as a Christian sentiment.
However, the fans wanted a band Satanic
and commercial pressures drove to Black Sabbath
to exploit this kind of connection
between them and the images and ideas satanic evil.
Of course we received many attacks from other people,
because he said he worshiped the devil and God who knows what else.
One thing in particular that happened in Europe,
was that a church ...
tried to avoid being submitted in this city,
outside the city it was.
And, in fact, succeeded in preventing that play there.
And the church caught fire.
Nothing to do with us, but caught fire.
But of course then had to do with us.
They managed to make it appear to be our fault.
I think as we used to use burning crosses and things like that on stage
perhaps it did not help.
Who can think of Black Sabbath without seeing at least one inverted cross?
Or think of Slayer without seeing a pentagram?
You know, visually, links you to a certain band or certain sound.
All right. I do not think people who use
Satan really wants to rule the world.
Just something that enhances the experience for people.
Satanism you see is not true Satanism,
but a kind of ...
is a caricature of Satanism.
True Satanism would be ...
If you are looking Satanism, not be in the rock 'n roll.
A group of boys playing guitars loud
and do so ... This is Halloween.
Upon hearing this band, Venom, I thought of Halloween,
I thought it was really Satanic, and I was not alone.
Venom remember terrified me when I first heard it.
In fact, refused to buy his records because I was afraid.
Literally, I was afraid to be doing something wrong. It was so extreme.
And now, of course, anyone watching this video,
seeing that I, who signed all these bands, I was afraid of Venom,
will wet their pants with laughter.
But it was different back then. This was unprecedented.
This shit was really disturbing and frightening when it appeared.
And look how far we came Venom because of this.
It's a way for bands to become popular. The end always sells.
While Venom and other early bands satanic
Satan used to shock people,
Slayer lyrics directly attacked Christianity.
And as a teenager, how not to get excited about albums entitled:
"Hell Awaits", "Racking the Chapel"
and "Reign of Blood."
Slayer was a thrash metal movement leader
emerged influenced by the British heavy metal,
punk and hardcore.
Along with the greatest metal band in the world, Metallica,
introduced a new level of speed and intensity of gender,
and were known for their graphic lyrics about war and religion.
I love to attack religion, because I think it is ..
the greatest brainwashing that is perfectly acceptable in America,
and probably the rest of the world.
I think it sucks.
Tom, a crossroads about you, it's your Christian background
and the juxtaposition with your music.
I'm Catholic.
What place do you think is in Slayer?
I see what we do as art.
And the art may be a reflection of society.
Do you understand?
And we are reaping the dark reflections.
You know, is what it reflects.
But evil is everywhere. We all carry deep within us.
Some people can control it better than others.
But I think it's there.
No matter what your religion or what you consider to be correct.
Everyone knows when something is wrong.
Everyone knows that there are bad things, things you should not do.
And people who do not understand or do not believe
are not really connected spiritually with themselves.
No matter what shit they create.
With "God Hates Everyone", explain how he adjusts it.
- How does it fit?
- In the ...
He does not ...
He did not ...
God does not hate us.
But it's a great title.
When I chose the album title, I thought, "This is great."
"I think people get angry."
The bands that want to be scary, scary themes chosen.
Not that they believe in these things,
is just a cool image that goes with the music.
Some people believe it. I will not deny that ...
Norwegian bands that are real. They have demonstrated through their actions.
Okay, then Venom and Slayer are not true Satanists.
But many fans, myself included,
wonder if the Norwegian black metal bands are really.
So I came to Norway, a country isolated from northern Europe.
87% of the Norwegian population belongs to the Lutheran Church,
and strangely, the biggest cultural exports from Norway,
black metal is satanic.
I'm shooting a documentary ...
A documentary about heavy metal music.
First, we told them we were doing a documentary on the history of metal.
And he said: "Black metal?"
- Did black metal?
Negro/metal
They know their metal, here in Norway, let me say.
As the thrash,
evolved from black metal and heavy metal punk British
Additional theatrical elements adopted from the shock rock.
Their sound is raw, but epic and atmospheric
Wagner and mixed with punk and dressed as Alice Cooper.
My journey takes me on a night train
from Oslo, the capital, to Bergen,
a small town in the fjords of the west coast.
I came here to talk to people tied to a series of incidents
involving members of the Norwegian black metal scene
and some old churches in the country.
My name is Rolf Rasmussen
and I am the minister of this church, the church Åsane of Bergen, Norway.
Been here three and a half when suddenly
on Christmas Eve,
I received a call from one of my colleagues,
who said: "The church is on fire!"
And I began to tremble there in my bed.
And I got dressed to go to the scene.
And get to church, everything was in flames,
Firefighters were trying to do everything possible to contain the damage.
And we, the staff were there, watching the flames
and the smell was everywhere,
sour and pungent.
And the fire ...
The tower was still standing when we arrived,
but after a while, half hour,
fell, heavily, to the ground.
It was a great loss not only for us personally,
but, really, for the entire community.
This church was standing about 200 years.
And I saw many sad faces, which was not at all, a happy Christmas.
Varg Vikernes, the most notorious black metal musician,
was involved in a series of fires that destroyed
some of the most treasured historic churches Norwegian
in the early 90's.
He was also convicted of murdering another black metal musician
and is now serving a life sentence.
Jørn Tunsberg helped to burn the church Varg Åsane.
He served his sentence and was recently released.
We were with Rolf Rasmussen, the minister of the church Åsane.
- I interviewed him.
- Agreed.
I am interested to hear from you, your perspective of what happened.
The most important thing is that the church was burned.
That's something I advocate.
Defended him before, now defend it and defend to my death.
Why is it so important to you to defend your actions?
Yes, it's something like ...
is like a statement ...
to overthrow Christianity.
Lately, there has been a tendency for some people
to see Christianity and all other religions
as evil and Satan as the liberator,
which could take really
the powerful path to follow.
What is the ideology or primary ideas that drive Gorgoroth's music?
Satan.
What Satan incarnate? What do you represent?
This is about freedom
That is, like it or not, the black metal in Norway,
is known for ...
a series of events occurred in the early 90's.
A series of fires.
I am interested to hear your thoughts about those events,
the reasons that spawned those events.
Do you agree or disagree with them?
The burning of churches and all that sort of thing,
is something I support 100% and should be much more
and will become much more in the future.
We must eliminate every vestige of what Christianity is, y. ..
what Semitic groups have to ...
offer this world.
Satanism and forging the individual free
to grow and become the super-man.
Every man is born to be king becomes king.
Every man is born to be slave does not know Satan.
It is indeed a religion elitist.
It is only for the best, to the strongest,
for the most successful.
Not for the timid or the weak, and so ...
hereunder will not have many followers.
What I can say? These are the words of a Christian.
So I do not care what they may say or not.
I know for a fact that they have lost many followers,
so I've been punched in the face.
How do you feel about what happened with the church?
Well, I think, in a sense, Christianity is due.
In the beginning was, you know ..
was not something I chose. It was imposed by force.
You can say that it was thousands of years, but ...
I was sad, nor happy, but ...
in a historical perspective, Christianity deserved it.
I think people create societies extremist.
It's like free democracy, they usually deserve their leaders
and I would say that usually deserve their marginalized.
If each metal band wants to be more extreme at any cost,
Then, burn churches, indeed, brought things to a new level.
But these actions have less to do with the metal
with Norwegian cultural sensitivities.
The resentment towards Christianity in Norway
goes back a thousand years ago, their ancestors Vikings.
In any case, most metal fans, including myself,
could not understand or defend these extreme acts.
I love to go to Norway and Denmark.
Because I love skimming black metal magazines.
It's so bizarre.
For each band tries to be more evil than others.
I can not turn the pages without saying, "Look at these!"
You know, those guys are there ...
You know ...
And when you're with these guys next to her mother:
"Hello, Mr. Cooper, how are you? Nice to meet you."
"My mother is there, can you give your autograph?"
And I say: "You were not Satanists or something?"
And I respond: "Yes, we are, but ..."
It's very rare to find one that really scared.
<b>DEATH AND VIOLENCE</b>
30 years ago,
Parents lose sleep because of Alice Cooper.
Now, Alice seems harmless compared to arson of churches,
but in the seventies, people really believed that
killing babies and ran himself into the scene,
night after night.
Well, I was the center of the dispute.
In a way, I think I made it up.
Because, you know, we were the first band gap in England.
And nobody could explain why we prohibited.
We asked in London: "Why should we ban?"
And they could not respond.
"Is there nudity in our show?" "No."
"Do we use bad words?" "No."
"So why do we ban?"
"Because there's blood on his show." Have you never seen Macbeth?
There is more blood in Macbeth in my show
and is required reading in schools.
There was a vampire who was really rocking
the creature of the night and it was assumed that Alice should be.
If you say, "Welcome to My Nightmare" just say no, you should.
You give them nightmares.
You know, you show them the nightmare
From Alice Cooper,
nightmarish images of death and violence in the metal,
have only become more intense.
In no way are more common than in the most extreme sub-genre:
The death metal.
Founded on the thrash and black metal,
ingredients are death metal grunts,
machine guns and gruesome guitar covers.
The most infamous band of this sub-genre, is Cannibal Corpse.
In Germany, the first three albums were banned Cannibal Corpse.
Eaten Back to Life, Butchered at Birth, Tomb of the Mutilated and.
No issue of these albums can be played live by the band.
They were also banned in New-Zealand, the first three.
We had to redo the covers in Australia.
And many things are forbidden in Korea.
There is evidence to show that
the average young person growing up in these days
see more violence through popular culture,
what ever happen in real life.
This has been marketed in many ways, young people,
mainly adolescents who do not have a social context
not have the background of how violence has affected
the human condition over the years.
And so what remains is that there is glamorous
to weapons and violence as a form of conflict resolution.
This is a band called Cannibal Corpse, perhaps the know.
They have been the focus of much controversy
mainly on their covers.
This is his newly released album called "The Wretched Spawn".
Tell me what you think about it.
I think they're even worse than I thought.
Clearly you covered
one of the last examples "cutting edge"
of what is sold in the world of music.
Do not understand how companies responsible
can turn a blind eye to this sort of thing being
marketed to young people as a form of harmless fun.
The first time someone unfamiliar with the death metal scene,
The first time you see, you know,
one of our covers, or something, they impress.
If you are not impressed, then, you know ...
is that we did a good cover.
It's art. You see it and it is only art.
Yes, it's disgusting, but there are many things ...
Go to the Vatican and see some of the art is there.
That is real, is real, it can happen.
This obviously will never happen.
You know, the monsters are not going to come from ...
the bodies of people at some point.
On the one hand, as seen in the lyrics of Cannibal Corpse,
There is a fascination
the possibilities of death and the body.
On the other hand, there is this fear of frightening her.
There is an almost obsessive desire
to explore what is dangerous, scary,
that which points to the senseless torment.
A delight in exploring the body,
by destroying it, cut and mutilate.
It is a fundamental desire we all have.
There seems to be a connection between
how aware we are of our own mortality
and how we see the mortality and death
expressed in our art and culture.
If you see a few generations ago,
expected to see dying relatives.
When these people died, were exposed in front of everyone.
Often sat in front to eat
and ate meat, being aware that
this piece of whatever it was, lived and breathed a few days ago.
And it could have been you who killed it.
Know that death is part of the very essence of life.
And as we begin to forget,
seem to crave more and more images of death and horror.
Actually, I have no good reason why longed
images of death or mutilation when she was younger.
But I do remember sitting in the bleachers after school.
With my friends used to compete to see who came with
letter of the most brutal metal.
And my favorite was "Charred Remains" Autopsy.
I will read an excerpt, because ...
I think I will enjoy.
"Quemándote from the inside, spit a bloody froth."
"You smell the putrid stench of flesh, while you burn to death."
And finally, always stayed slapping his hands and saying:
"Yes, that was very brutal, it was amazing."
I still think that this music is harmless entertainment.
But many people believe that the metal has a serious effect on the boys.
In the past 20 years,
metal artists like Judas Priest, Ozzy Osbourne,
Cannibal Corpse, Slayer, Marilyn Manson and Slipknot,
have been charged for causing young people commit crimes or suicide.
Although none of these cases has been successful, others continue to emerge.
Every time a serial murderer, a murderer mass, a Satanist,
or anyone evil of society,
each time the press discovers he heard heavy metal,
has been blamed as the reason.
The clear reason why this person does things he does.
"They were fans of Manson!"
"So we killed all those kids in high school."
The American news especially focus on violence.
Trying to prove how wonderful American society,
and all that shows is "Bloodbath high school in Denver."
And use it as a distraction for 2 or 3 days.
and absorb the attention of the people.
A line we wrote for the song "Disciple" says:
"We all worship the beauty of death"
TV because it absorbs you and makes you want to see more.
If it seems crazy that someone would say that there is no relationship
between the imagery of metal and suicide and violence,
Sometimes, metal posts are confusing.
The song "Suicide Solution" is about drinking to death.
But I can understand that a boy of 13 years to be confused
with a song called "Suicide Solution".
No wonder you listen to this guy and suicide,
although rare, because ...
if you take so seriously as to commit suicide Ozzy Osbourne for his lyrics,
it seems odd not to read the letters more carefully.
The most concrete evidence that someone is going to commit suicide,
is the feeling of helplessness.
Nobody listens to heavy metal feel helpless
but to feel strong and connected to others.
And perhaps, to hear a song about suicide
makes you understand you are not alone and helpless,
other people go through the same and do not need to kill yourself.
There are times when you feel alone,
and you think things can not be worse.
And looking for some support and the music does that.
Never Give Up tells you. I could not swallow that.
I can not give because I had a bad day.
If I had a bad day, I will not drink or fight,
I will listen to music and play bass.
We always get letters from these guys
telling us how our songs have helped
and go home feeling better and back to their schools.
Many guys say that in carrying
Slipknot shirts feel safe.
Violence has existed much longer than us.
Unfortunately, ignorance of the Puritan republican thought
makes seeing the boys jumping, just look at violence.
And of course it can be brutal, but at the same time,
I prefer downloading the boys there that accumulate stress in their lives
to attack the people without any optimism.
Want more?
Want more?
And here we are,
35 years after Black Sabbath hit the first note of the Devil
and metal culture continues to thrive.
A new generation of fans has emerged,
and the old guard still holds.
But this trip I undertook to answer a question:
Why the heavy metal has been consistently stereotyped,
rejected and condemned?
And what I have clear,
is that the metal confronts what we prefer to ignore,
often celebrates the renegades,
and is lenient with what we fear most.
And that is why the metal is always a marginalized culture.
For young people, which is a place to feel part
where you can experience other opportunities
and transcend the everyday life of a very glorious.
And it is purifying. I think the metal has the task
to cleanse and free of stress. It's a catharsis.
Want to make people jump and tomb furniture.
You know, that's it.
Each person responds in their own way, in a different way.
It's different from your mundane life.
It is, perhaps, what people feel
be equally or more important than what they think.
I really do not know why this is so important, only what is.
And I think I'm much better person since I listen to metal.
Do not judge me or criticize me. He is always there with me.
For metalheads, goodness, beauty and truth
are there on the stage.
Is the metal a sacrament? For some, it is.
If you keep the kids alive and gives them hope,
if you give them a place from which to feel part
if you give them a sense of transcendence,
then I think it is a spiritual force, a path to God.
Since I was 12 years, I had to defend my love of heavy metal
against those who rated music so "cheap".
My answer now is that you either feel it or not.
If the metal do not cause this overwhelming sense of power,
and does not make you hair stand on the neck,
perhaps never understand.
And you know what? That is good.
Because, judging by the 40,000 metalheads around me,
We are quite well without you.
FREEDOM 4 PEACE
