pedaiah,I'm reddy's son.My name is VairamDhanush
Whats the reason behind coming here my son!
I asked for your land. your son's agreed for this. They are in the registrar office itself.
If u come........
whats the loss for them my son.i only struggled a lot and earned this.
as they will keep this in purchase as rates get increase.
I have written that this land gets claimed after my death
hahhaha..... who invented this logic!!!
If u write like this. Will anyone feel that this oldman should live for years and then we can claim this..
They will wait for your death
who will feel that u should live for years if they ill claim ur property after ur death,pedaiah
why am telling u all this because u havent understood about my background
we too have one bigperson behind us my son. we too have BACKGROUND
If i say BACKGROUND. u should shiver and fear of that.. rascal
Register the land under the same claim as he was dead
what u need say...amma
Brother. ours is a military family. 16yrs back my husband died in the kargil war
based on his brave acts government gave 12acres of land at out of the city
some occupied that land as it got developed
they dragged even my son-in-law as he went against them
ohh...what about the police??
The M.L.As and police arent caring and raise their voice even the maszid got occupied
is the full city dumb..give me the file...!!!
I will see there end in the court
What is his name????
masood pehalvan brother
Take this.not only me one one in this city can handle this case
please leave
They will kill my husband..you only should help me brother...please
onee....ek hai
a lawyer named sripathi..
He only delays and couldnt argue in the court
But,he only can solve this.
He never won inside the court and nerver lost outside the court
the reason is ...he has a son
that man looks STYLISH but even more dangerous than a TERRORIST
if ur case has justice then it will be justified by him
But the justification will not be in the court,                           it will be in the SHOT he punches...
once he steps in,,he is the only right and correct person to handle political leader,rowdy sheeter, law and order....
he is the correct person[sarrainodu]
Allu arjun[stylish star]
No problem amma,once he steps in he will clear everything...
Who r u?? rascall
ohh!! he got shot...no one can stop him now
Brother they dont have respect on allah and namaaz...they will kill him.
sonnnn.....
U came to my area and touched my background
Backgroud???
as it stopped u in getting punched?
it stopped u from falling down??
did it stop u from getting knocked and from gettting blood out???
Though he has background..if he got punched then he should shout and cry...
pain doesnt need anything
I[gana] get mental if i hear theword background
ohhh!!!no, u are elder than me..no need of this..
dont fear im here
son!!have u got hurt??
no.... father
u wont say even if ur hurt...
heyy!!what will happen to me...come on
jayaprakash,u took voluntary retirement as what we studied should be helpful to people not to the leaders
How r u?
i havent here before as i thought the problem gets solved
i came here as u will solve the problem as i couldnt see farmers getting dead infront of my eyes
killing???who
yesterday he killed their father
how many he will be killing,i couldnt understand
whats the problem
see this
these farms are cultivated for producing gold
its is living for thousands of families
these r being used for making pipe lines for oil refinaries
they r taking crores of many from the companies and disturbing their livlihood
we will give lands for airport,roads for the development of people and future generations and our even our buildings too
but y they should sacrifice their lands for being it digged and used it somewhere else
For the sake of one person why they will be quiet if the water,air and land gets polluted
As C.M.s son is involved in this private companies issue..no one from the government is stepping forward is hurting thing..
No,,Me too....
Listen my words and leave this here
Are you thinking that C.M. is strength to dhanush..
No
Son[dhanush] is the strength to C.M.
The presence of u here is already on his table
That's his power!!
okay!!I will see this
always u think of peoples problems.are you thinkimg about your daughter's marraige
Ha...yes
she has no mother to look at... u shouldnt be so careless
u only see about it if u have any
okat then..come lets go home eat and then go
No..i came with them.. so I will come later
okay!!How is ur wife??[sister]
Why they are doing like everytime as he has done something great??
shut up!!!If she hears that...she will dump that pumpkin on your head..
Despite ha was born to my big son...he was brought by both of them[small son and daughter-in-law]
Inspite of their love on him,they stopped giving birth to ...
cases should be dealt in courts and justified
without this u think that the case doesnt get settled in court and he goes and punch them
Thats a sort of his burning[boiling]  blood
yesterday he bet a contractor
its his blood...
today he punched the pahalwans
it is his blood....
u shut ur mouth...
Im a state CS...u wont mind of that
hey!!thats sweet..he will get fat!!
thats for u not for the kid
i think u came here by working a lot...drink this
he came by working alot...what he worked[whispering]
what happened?
I said to write civils but u said no
I said to do CA...u said that i dont know how to be balaned..n u didnt do
atleast i said to law.. u went and came back
i did no baba
what for cleaning the tounge!!
u joined in the military and took many medals...u came back when ur going to be in a good position
hahaa...there our military is very strong,but her our system is wrong
there are more problems here when compared to there
so Im doing this
selvi..I'm going to office
ha okay!!
on bussiness issues u went to chennai, loved and married there
i thought that u will bring a good girl but u brought this girl and made her sit on my neck[headache]
ur grandson had cut my neck too
what father??
Have u an idea about khamman jayaprakash uncle
he took IAS volunary retirement
he has one daughter..u go with uncle and see her
u only can go n see her no father
u r going there for the liking of the girl on u, not for ur liking on the girl
ohh!!whats thiss!!
y tension??the thing what uncle had said has a big mistake
whats the mistake
the girl should like our gana[hero] right... then that wont happen no
y r u like that?
u should be liked by the girl
whats wrong in u..u have small eyes..whats the link between eyes nd marraige
are wives doing with the eyes
.............. has everything but he hasnt married yet
what happened??
nice
have seen those in her hands
ha nice ...its like VARIETY
not VAREITY its MUNCIPALITY
but PERSONALITY is superb
if this get known to grandma it will be like................
i think their salary has been increased a lot
why my son!!
see her neck
hey i think thats roll golg
but she is pure gold
there royal family is waiting
but im not royal...im fixed to this stylish girl
these r court papers
one
two
three
whats the matter
If u say ok then I LOVE YOU
do u know who am i?
excuse me mam...why are u cleaning the roads??
theyr getting less salaries though they r working fr our sake
as the government isnt taking any action though i noticed so i came direct in to the action
please highlight the matter,not me
u should gain fame like ur father and be good
now u got to know.im this areas MLA
u became MLA only  bcoz of me
there r ten hanuman vyayamasaalas under my control
always there will be 500 people around us
with this much back ground,u fell in love with me
what
then only we will have curiosity tension in love
u will come and hug me as i will chased by ur guards
ur imagining a lot.. i will kill u''
u will in the work of killing me.. i will be in loving u
what about the match
ohh...its superb!!
thers welcome was awesome
then they called the girl..she is like.........
then my grandson will be a part of one family
take the sweet son!!
inbetween this that girl called me aunty
they said that u need to talk
what u will be doing??
nothing..but everyday i will go for two fights
thats means u dont have any income
as we r getting more income from my family members whats the need for me
that means u dont have any job??
ya free
ofmost two fights a day
for sure
whats the need of a waste candidate like u!!
she said correctly
i couldnt say like that
i said at first itself as thers a big mistake in this
here everyone supported there the girl rejected
u have a sister right..she is good.. y u can make her to marry gana
if i do that..she will be crying nd i will be cleaning that
He is all in one.. from nowonwords go in to fights only for a girl and make her to fall in love with you
but she should be a telugu girl
ha yes
you are the one?
yes
group or individual
me only
why did u do that?
say that....u havent done anything good ..y r u laughing,,,say
tell him about that
sir shes dead
hey!!no problem..take the body
the only problem is with media sir
they will make only a small scrolling about u and u campany
But this rape issue will be the breaking news exclusive for many times in the channel
this news makes nuisance
did u have the 30acres of land near the tea factory now or its sold
yes i have it sir
then no problem..you can leave now
whats there background??
for higher studies i joined her in the hostel with the help of u...  butt....[crying]
you should give the justice for us in this issue of our daughters death and rape
I will be helpful to u in each n every part of the case
i will do justice for u
murthy tell our lawyer to collect evidences relating to this case
The culprits in this case will be punished
u go now
super my son!! you created the lie in a nice way
which lie??
you said that you have gone to see the girl[rakul]
thats not a lie...it happened
this jaganatha reddy colony created only because of u..but that water problem??
80 lakhs for pipe lines had been sanctioned.. you no need to worry about water problem, i will see after  u in everything
hey MLA i love you
y he came here
iam crazy about you!!!
till i die my vote goes to u only
no problem,he is our party activist
u all carryon... im very close to madam
what is your name?
Gana
what u will be doing?
I will be sighting u always
your doing so much extra
ohh!!its veryless..infront it will be more strong
it will be soo strong!!
y u will be following me like this
How u followed us for ur votes. its like demand and supply
did i win only becoz of ur one single vote
who knows theres  my hand in ur winning
u only made me do like this
me??
last time did u come to srinagar colony for elections?
ha..s
did u ascend a topless jeep?
ha,,s
did u mention my dear lovely people?
ha..s
ummaaah!!did u?
s
did u say u all belongs to me?
ha..s
u said like that so i got connected
i said like that for the whole constituency
whos knows my fate they havent connected but i had
everyone is looking at us
i will see ur end
I will kill u rascal
ha come on
kill!!
