When I was a child,
I thought the world was a much, much simpler place.
I thought there was no challenge that was unbeatable, that if I tried hard enough,
anything was possible.
Everything was cut-and-dried:
you win, you lose, or it ends in a draw.
I need a way that's more precise,
tactics that are more efficient,
I need a superior strategy!
Even when you're up against the best,
you could still prepare for the next time.
Such foolish, ignorant youth.
At least,
so I thought.
I thought it was all an illusion.
A false world of stupid games.
The truth is,
life in this world...
didn't have to be so chaotic.
It didn't have to be so random,
unreasonable,
unforgiving,
without meaning or value.
So...
next time,
next time for sure.
"Elchea"
Why?
Why did I lose?!
Not to brag or anything, but I've only been defeated once in my entire life, you know.
It's the sixth of the ten pledges:
"All that's made in accordance with the pledges must be upheld."
This law is absolute, per the One True God who created our world of Disboard.
I'll crush you...
Next time, I'll destroy you!
Next time?
Look...
if you couldn't beat those two, then you won't ever beat me.
Sora and Shiro, you know about them?
Alright then, I've got an interesting story I can tell you during our next game,
as thanks for this wonderful prize.
You're just trying to distract me.
If you wanna talk then just start talking!
Very well, I will!
It's an ancient myth that you can't tell anyone.
It's okay, I'm not listening anyway.
So...
This happened 6,000 years ago.
An unbidden war raged, ravaging the Earth and extinguishing the planets.
As time went on, no one remembers it anymore,
and yet,
it's one tale I will never forget.
It's a big one.
The black ash is falling. We should hurry.
Ivan?
I'm okay.
What's the situation?
I can't get a reading on the source.
We'll be relying on our senses for this recon.
Don't let your guard down.
Riku!
Come quick! There's a-
No way!
It's a world map, dwarven-made, and it looks like this is the latest version too!
That's not all,
it shows the balance of power between the races and even the dwarves' strategy.
Ivan, Aley,
compare this to what we've got and make any corrections.
I'll make sense of this the best I can.
Achéte! (Understood!)
A message... from the dwarves?
Fusion...
Detonation?
Exactly how much of this world do they plan to destroy?!
Let's get out of here!
Aley, don't take anything that uses magic.
But!
If you wanna die go right ahead.
Damn it!
Ivan, this is an order.
Die here.
Achéte.
Ivan!
Look after my kid, Riku.
Promise you'll do that for me.
I'm over here! Come and get me, Demonia!
They say there used to be something called "the Sun".
Its white flames lit the Heavens,
turning the sky into the most beautiful blue you've ever seen.
It's like something out of a fairy tale.
The Gods and their creations waged eternal war.
The Earth burned, choking the Heavens with soot, raining down the ashes of the dead.
Riku!
These ashes... are all we have left to honor them,
I suppose.
No-n-na!
No-n-na!
No-n-na!
Here.
Oh wow! That's my name! It says Nonna!
No fair, I wanna see my name too!
Wait, I wanna go first!
Sure, one at a time.
Couronne! They're back!
Riku!
Riku, thank goodness!
Couronne.
Hey! You took your time! Were you like, trying to give me a heart attack or something?
And come on, seriously, how many times do I have to tell you to call me "Onee-chan"?
We got back as fast as we could.
About Ivan...
Riku!
Papa!
Nonna!
I'm so glad they're back! Where is Papa?
I want to show him the letter I wrote all by myself! Where is Papa?
Nonna...
Listen to me, Nonna.
Riku?...
Nonna.
Your Papa...
won't be coming home.
Why?
Because he's dead.
You're lying!!!
It's true.
No it's not!
Papa promised me he'd come home! He said we'd win!
He said he'd be here! And that humans would win!
We will win.
That's why your Papa fought so hard.
He did it so we could win.
That's not winning anything!
It should have been you!
You're the one who should have died!
Nonna!
Why don't you two go clean yourselves up in the bath?
I'll just dust myself off.
No, take a bath.
You guys stink.
So we could...
So we could win?
I'm a god damn hypocrite!!!
Ivan threw his life away!
And thanks to me he's dead!
I killed him!
I sacrificed him just so I could live a little longer!
If this keeps up...
what will it take?
How far will we have to go?
Do we kill half the people for the sake of saving the other half?
How many is it gonna take?!
Do we keep going until only one left?
When will I be done with this?
How long do we have to keep living like animals?!
No human born into a world like this,
could die without purpose.
It's more than simply having a reason to live:
the mind will not accept death,
if it has no meaning.
Ivan's death was not in vain.
Ruins of the old Elven capital held a lot of reliable information.
Things most people never got a chance to see.
In a place such as this, does anything makes sense anymore?
Is it even possible to find one's sanity?
Dwarves...?
No.
With a structure of this scale,
it must have been the Flügel.
Look at the size of this thing.
My... imagination?
No-!
An Ex-machina?
Investigating.
Adjusting for common parameters.
Stay calm.
This thing operates as part of a collective.
It shares consciousness with a cluster,
which means others must be nearby.
That means...
Conclusion.
If I make any hostile moves, all of the Ex-machina will see me as a threat.
I must remain still.
I cannot resist you Onii-chan, you must make a woman out of me.
Error.
Cannot. Comprehend.
I think I'm the one failing to comprehend here!
Is this scenario not sufficient enough to bring you satisfaction?
Well I'm sorry,
but I'm not one of those weirdos who gets off by being observed by you guys.
Query:
Who are "you guys"?
Oh, don't play dumb.
I know all of this can be sent to that cluster thing of yours.
Negative. This unit has been disengaged from the cluster collective.
Disengaged?
So then, you're on your own?
Correct.
Alright then.
What does some stray Ex-machina want with someone like me?
I mean, I'm just a human.
Response:
to analyze the unique language humans of humans.
The language referred to as "the human heart".
The heart?
Reasoning.
This unit's investigation into the existence of the human heart,
generated multiple logic errors, causing this unit to be dissociative.
Further observation has been conducted independently.
Observation?
So you're planning to study the human heart on your own and convince the cluster to take you back, right?
Desire:
it is postulated that dermo-contact, flesh upon flesh,
results in a unique exchange of emotions.
I request you procreate with this unit.
I refuse.
Alternative:
you may take advantage of this unit in any manner you wish.
Though it possesses no orifice.
I refuse. Wait, no orifice?!
Lösen.
Recreation.
Earth.
Chess.
A challenge.
I request participation in this game.
Conditions:
if this unit wins, it shall be taken home with you and procreation shall occur.
I can only assume you chose chess on purpose.
You guys are basically walking calculators. There is no way I can win.
Still...
What if...
I manage to win?
Answer:
you shall take this unit home and procreation shall occur.
They’re the same!
Whatever, I guess there's no getting out of it at this point, is there?
Fine, I'll play along.
Conclusion:
a game in accordance to the aforementioned terms.
Sure, I'll play you one time.
Except I'll be making a slight change,
to these little rules of yours.
We have arrived.
So, when it comes to mobility you really don't use any magic?
Correct.
Utilizing magic would have saved 55,782 seconds.
Addendum:
This unit is a Prüfer, a model primarily used for analysis.
Its capabilities are lesser than other Ex-machinas.
Who the hell has a race in this waging war?
It's no wonder the world has gone to hell.
What should I call you?
Meaning unknown.
Your name. Do you have one?
Understood.
Designation number: Üc207Pr4f57t9.
You're kidding. That's your name?
Forget that, you need to go with something easier.
Query:
if this unit wins, it will stay with Riku until it is able to fully comprehend the human heart.
Should this unit conceal that it is a machine?
The human heart is like an unspoken feeling. It is formed through mutual understanding.
And if you're gonna be with me, you need to dress like a human.
Query: is self designation an object?
Sure. Whatever.
Response:
I shall be called Schwarzer.
No. That's hard to say and weird.
Not gonna work for me. Let's go with Schwi.
Unclear: adjustment was made for self configuration.
Can we do something about the way you talk first?
Laden: adopting personality 1610.
Hee-hee, Onii-chan, is this better?
Denied.
It was the most logical choice available.
And what logical bullcrap did you use to position yourself as my imouto?
Answer: I merely presented what was the most optimal option.
That's right, it would be a big problem if people started asking about our past.
Just act shy and don't say more than you have to.
And quit starting every sentence sounding like a robot. Understood?
Understood.
Like this?
Are you...acting or something?
Acting?
I am not.
I have chosen a personality matching the given parameters.
It's a trace emulation.
It'll do.
I want you to stay where I can see you.
Is there something you can do about that tail-looking thing you got there?
Negative.
It is Schwi's power source, a nerve core crossed with spiritual circuitry.
Fine, I guess.
We'll just say it's a fashion choice.
I'll say this one last time:
do not show that robot body of yours to anyone.
Yes, I'll show it only to you.
She's so cute!
Who is she?
I found her on the way back from a colony that got wiped out, she was in a...
So is she...
your wife?
His wife?
Uh...
Oh, come on! Don't be shy!
Your first priority should be having kids, five or six of them preferrably!
Could you cut that out?
That goes for you too!
What does she mean?
She doesn't mean anything.
What's your name?
I'm Schwi.
That's a lovely name.
So how did you meet Riku here, anyway?
He kissed Schwi... and demanded that the two of us partake in procreation.
Wait, it's not-!
Riku.
You couldn't wait, could you?
You couldn't have waited until later?!
You could have worded that differently, you know?
Differently?
Never mind.
Look, could you at least try to look a bit more mature?
You're making me look bad over here.
But, isn't this the form you prefer?
Nah, that ain't my thing.
Then what form would you like?
Listen here.
Do you even know what it means when you ask that question?
I'm wanting to know what you prefer.
That's not something I can really tell you with words...
Do you remember how I explained the human heart?
I remember.
Let's play a game.
No thanks.
I didn't have much choice before.
But I find games pointless and I don't have time to waste.
What if they are not pointless?
What if you win?
The prize will be all the information you desire.
For example,
the reason why the Great War began,
and what it will take to end it.
Give me a break.
We humans don't have any choice in that nonsense. So there's no point bothering with it.
There's only one thing I need to know how to do:
how to make it through the day alive.
And that's it.
That's the whole reason I brought you along.
The knowledge, the maths, the engineering tech you Ex-machina contain...
If I beat you, that's what I want.
Understood.
Even...
the current state of our world...
the fact that humans have survived is...
an anomaly.
Even we, Ex-machina...
cannot calculate a reason for this.
As life forms, you are weak.
Your civilization is primitive.
You cannot utilize magic, and yet you have subsisted...
It defies all reason.
There must be an answer,
a key...
to your survival.
And my theory is that...
it resides...
in the human heart,
and I intend to find it.
I wish to discover...
Enough.
You're so full of it.
Riku?
You do whatever you want.
You wage war whenever you want.
You've taken everything from us.
I'm so sorry if you're puzzled why we're still alive.
No wonder you know nothing about the human heart.
Fine! You wanna know?!
What if my heart hasn't changed?!
What if it died the moment I was born?!
Burn in hell! Every last one of you!
Do you know how many people have died because of you bastards?!
You probably know exactly how many, don't you?!
How many more will you make us kill?
Riku.
I made you cry.
Therefore...
I assume...
I have said something terrible.
Something... to hurt you.
What I do know about the human heart, is that deep inside it,
you wish to kill me.
Riku.
You can...
stab me.
I will die.
Rather, since I am not a living being, it will be a permanent cessation,
with repair being impossible. A complete systematic failure.
I wish to know your heart.
That's all.
If this is truly what your heart desires, then I want it to be realized.
Will you... kill me?
Chad,
Anton,
Elmer,
Cory,
Dale,
Siris,
Ed,
Darrell,
Dave,
Laks,
Vin,
Eric,
Charlie,
Riku?
Thomson,
Shinta,
Yann,
Zaza,
Zargo,
Clay,
Goro,
Peter,
Arthur,
Morg,
Kimmy,
Datt,
Ceril,
Vigi,
Volly,
Ken,
Savage,
Leroy,
Popo,
Couthon,
Lut,
Shigure,
Shao,
Ulf,
Balto,
Asso,
Kenwood,
Peyl,
Ahad,
Hound,
Balrof,
Masashi,
Memegan,
Karim…
Ivan!
Forty-eight people.
Forty-eight, and I'm the one who ordered them all to die.
Too many people have died during your "Great War".
Removed from this world, like dust being swept away!
And the one who sent them to die?
Me!!!
Riku?
Riku?
You awake?
I know you're tired, but if you don't mind...
Oh! Sorry!
Do you mind if I ask you why you're sitting there straddling me?
Riku, you instructed me to stay where you could see me.
I only meant for you to stay nearby.
Question:
if I am not in your line of sight, can you see me?
Is this some sort of role-play?
It's not role-play!
It's okay, Onee-chan understands!
Whenever you're done, let me know if Schwi can take a bath.
A bath?
Riku said I could show my body only to him.
In that case...
You have her trained?!
Couronne, please just leave us alone.
You two are sure moving quickly!
Okay, I'll let you two have some privacy.
I'll go kick out whoever is in the bath.
Sorry...
Sorry for what?
For being the aggressor and yet, asking you about the human heart.
It's illogical.
I wouldn't say illogical...
It's insensitive.
My circuits aren't capable of sensitive transmissions.
That's not what I meant.
In any case, I'm sorry that I got all worked up.
Is that a bad thing to do?
Could be.
I might lose my temper and smack you, and that wouldn't solve anything would it?
Do you wish to strike me Riku?
Of course not.
I'm just making a point.
Maybe I'm not so sure myself.
Riku.
Let's play a game.
What did you bring that thing for?
Because that's when you smiled Riku.
It's the only time.
So...
Let's play a game.
I wish...
I wish to know your heart Riku.
But, also not in a manner that hurts you.
I have a conflict.
I don't know what to do.
You mean, you'd have to hurt me in order to do it?
Can't you just go back to your cluster?
I'm sure you can learn all you want about the human heart without experimenting with anatomy.
Yes. That's true.
But either way,
I don't wish to cause you harm.
Why is that?
You're asking me?
Stating possibility.
Answer:
the unit has found the cluster pointless, meaningless, and irrelevant,
with personal analysis of the human heart taking prominence. I want you to remain and-
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
Stop that!
ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, ERROR.
Conclusion:
it seems I don't want to go back.
It seems...?
Unable to quantify assuredness.
Although,
it would seem so.
So it does.
It's a little confusing.
Pawn to E4.
You could at least let me have the first move.
The next turn is yours.
You're playing while I'm stuck here brushing your hair.
Not very fair, is it?
So... why is your hair so long anyway?
If you would prefer it to be short I will cut it.
No, you don't have to do that.
You just don't get it, do you?
Riku?
Here you go, I have designed a map.
Look, I told you.
I still haven't beaten you at chess.
But I thought this is what you wanted.
So I made it for you.
That is where I met you.
There's something about that place that's always bugged me.
But it's so far away that I can't just get up and walk there.
We have arrived.
Well you sure are the observant one, aren't you?
Have you noticed the buildings are all destroyed but,
for some reason, the ground here is mostly untouched.
That would be because of the Elves' protective magic.
But why wipe out everything, except this one spot?
To the Elves this was an important facility.
An emergency shelter.
Or something else?
Something of more value.
A facility to research and develop, new weaponry.
What the hell is this?
Protective glyphs of the Old Deus, Kainas.
Kainas?
That's the creator of the Elves.
These are not protective glyphs.
Regarding elvish glyphs nor magical writings,
they do not correspond to any available data.
It's probably some new horrible foolishness they invented.
It's clear the Dwarves wanted to destroy the planet.
Áka Si Anse.
Proof of Concept Reactor.
Riku?
You can read the Elvish language?
The best clues are worthless if you can't understand them.
To this day, the traits,
the languages, and the customs of the various races have been passed down into our history,
using written works or any other means you can think of.
It's what we do.
Because we, lonely humans, aren't going to just sit back and let ourselves get wiped out.
That being said,
I can't read anything else on here.
Especially this part,
a name, right?
If this is all classified information,
then it's most likely that this is written in code, encrypted.
You're right, that's a problem.
Even the names of whoever's involved are encrypted.
Áka Si Anse.
The only thing we know for sure so far is a bunch of nonsense...?
Riku stand back!
Lösen:
Umweg.
Run!
Dammit!
Schwi...
Schwi!
Ri...
Schwi...
Schwi!
Schwi...
There's a security system,
the Elvish magic remains active.
However, I'm fine.
Lösen:
Enderpokryphen.
What was that?
A special ability of the Ex-machina,
if attacked, we can analyze, emulate, and reproduce the attack:
copying it.
But as a Prüfer, I can only generate 10% of its original strength.
If you say so,
but you should still tone it down a bit.
I'm sorry.
I broke my promise, and used magic.
I guess it's better than dying.
Anyway, we should probably get out of here quick before someone comes and finds us.
Dammit!
A soot storm.
I will be fine.
My system decontaminates the impurities of the ash.
You'll maybe fine but that doesn't mean I will be.
You brought the chess set, right?
I am sorry.
I'm not complaining…
You want to play a game?
You don't mind?
No, it's fine.
We're stuck down here because of the storm and everything.
It's a good way to kill some time, right?
Come on! How do you keep doing that?
One more time!
Riku,
why do you keep challenging me when you know you can't beat me?
I can't beat you?
Well, you haven't yet.
Not even once.
Look, I'm just thinking about the big picture.
There's no way you can beat me every single time.
Shewi... understands.
Partially.
The current conditions on the surface are unfit for humanity.
The fact that you exist is an aberration.
This aberration...
Correction:
this accomplishment... is possible because of your heart,
your will.
Despite overwhelming odds, humanity as a whole survives.
This is an objective fact and yet...
you refuse to accept that fact.
For some reason, you don't acknowledge what you are.
Why?
Well let me ask you this:
what's the point of surviving when you live in a world like this one?
You just run as hard and as fast as you can and you keep running,
but what then?
What else do you do?
Just sit back and let yourself get obliterated into nothing?
And if don't like that idea,
will you let 999 people die for the sake of 1001? Will that change anything at all?!
Riku.
Tell me then Schwi,
what else can we do?
What... should I do?
I wish to know as well.
So then... what does your heart tell you Riku?
Just look at what a mess I am.
I asked you 'cause honestly, I don't know.
My heart isn't talking.
In that case,
what do you wish?
What I wish?
Whatever it is, I will help you.
I will be right by your side.
And I will stay there, until you understand your heart.
I shall keep watch over you to see what your heart truly desires.
I wish to do whatever you wish to do, Riku.
Checkmate.
Schwi.
That would have been a good time to call a draw, just saying.
Has there been any changes in the atmospheric conditions?
No.
There hasn't.
- It's beautiful.
- It's beautiful.
Schwi,
it's kinda nice not being alone, right?
Riku,
you haven't always been alone, have you?
No.
But I'm an idiot,
I always push myself to extremes, trying to be special.
But...
anyway.
If I were to just go by what my heart tells me, things might actually work out well.
Schwi,
tell me something:
what is the point of this war and what can we do to end it?
When I was a child,
I thought the world was a much simpler place.
I thought no challenge was unbeatable.
That if I tried hard enough,
anything was possible.
Everything was cut-and-dried:
you win, you lose, or it ends in a draw.
I thought I was seeing the world with clear eyes.
But it...
it was all such foolish, ignorant youth.
But...
in the end, it turns out I was dead wrong.
You know what Schwi?
Together, I think we do interesting things.
Yes.
That's it.
Those eyes are good, Riku.
I have... good eyes?
No.
Schwi...
likes to see those eyes.
I mean, don't you?
There you go being all confusing again.
This is really bad!
Please remain calm!
Aim for the west exit!
Nonna, you go with the others.
Now go!
Riku!
Riku?
Dammit!
This place will get turned to ash, too?
Then what?
What have I done all this for?
Riku, come on. You can't worry about all that now.
Why don't you just let Onee-chan take things from here?
Schwi, you got that in writing, right?
Yes I did.
Which means Couronne,
as of today, you're the head of the colony.
And that, is the future site of said colony.
You'll be safe if you stay in the western escape route.
Well, best of luck to you and everything!
Wait, Riku! What will me and the rest of the campers do?
No, everything is gonna be fine.
Because from here on out, no one else is going to die.
Riku...
Hey! So what sort of craziness are you two cooking up?
Just a little game.
We're just gonna take it easy and pass the time.
As for now, everyone here is dead.
We no longer exist in this world:
ghosts.
The day of the final battle will come,
it's no use in hoping for a future where it won't.
The world is an abomination,
so do we just run to stay alive,
praying for that last battle?
Pray to who?
These damn butchers who call themselves Gods?!
Artosh, creator of the Flügel.
Kainas, creator of the Elves.
Okein, creator of the Dwarves.
All of them claim to be the one true ruler of this world,
fighting for their precious throne and doing nothing but destroying everything in the process!
These pieces of shit don't deserve any of our prayers!
It's time to open your eyes.
We can no longer rely on Horou to save us.
Which is why we have to build things up ourselves.
In the end, this world is nothing but a game.
Those butchers are after the Suniaster:
a conceptual device sent to bring absolute authority over this entire world,
which is why they are fighting for the right to claim it.
So,
we're gonna make our own rules on our own terms.
And then...
we will win.
Number 1: No matter what, you must not kill.
The human heart does not wish for murder.
Number 2: You must let no one die.
The human heart doesn't want anyone to die.
Number 3: You must let no one discover you.
If we're discovered, we're dead.
Number 4: No tactic is off-limits.
Not even a sly trick should be considered dirty.
Number 5: Those guys' rules mean nothing to us.
The human heart doesn't care about their bloody gun tests.
Number 6: Break any of these rules, and you lose.
The human heart gains nothing from a victory where violence is king.
That's it.
Now we do whatever we want.
We are the ghosts.
We will not kill a single member of the other races, including the Old Deus.
We will not be discovered.
We are a phantom,
we will guide the course of this war to its rightful end!
That will be our victory,
to finally see the end of their damn war!
Our enemies are Gods with great tools of violence and despair.
This game was never meant for us to play,
so winning this means we must do everything in secret and behind the scenes.
And even if we win, we can have no memory of this,
because ghosts don't exist, they just vanish.
But know this, if we can do this,
if we can master this game for real,
and we can win it,
we can die with our heads held high,
because we lived the coolest, most badass lives ever!
Okay.
If you're willing to play along,
if you're ready to get started then stay here.
I'm gonna be honest with you,
no offense but I really thought that you guys were a bit smarter than this.
Smart men would have left before you finished your little speech.
Come on now, you didn't really think there were any smart people left in the world did you?
And where else are you gonna find a bunch of crazier fools than these?
The smart would have already chosen death over this place.
And yet the smartest ones did bother being born.
We did what you asked for, Riku.
You're the one who chose us, remember?
Yeah that's right.
The one who leads a bunch of dumbasses is the biggest dumbass of all!
Yes. Humans are fools.
But it takes a great fool to know how to not let foolishness get them killed.
We have lived in a world where life has no value.
They are all fools, incredibly weak and vulnerable.
Magnificently weak fools, deserving of great respect.
Okay everybody! Let's do this!
Let us pledge upon the wishes of our fallen brotherhood!
Achéte!
No.
Not upon the memories of the fallen.
With the rules we have vowed to follow,
to everyone here,
I pledge Aschente.
Now...
Let's get this game started.
Riku.
I am now certain.
I don't understand the human heart.
All potential strategies have a >1% chance of success.
You must be wondering why everyone is so sure we can pull it off.
So Schwi,
if you roll a dice, what are the odds to land on 6?
A 1/6 chance.
Yeah maybe so.
But what if someone swaps it out for a dice that will only roll a 6?
You're talking about manipulation of the variables.
Yeah.
I like to call it cheating.
Interesting, right?
We are the singularity of the equation.
We'll make every prediction,
strategy, and calculation, come together exactly how we want it to.
If we pull it off, it will be a...
A miracle.
It would be an anomaly.
Success would be a distortion of probability theory.
Yeah.
Anything can happen though.
Zero or one hundred, it doesn't really matter.
That's why they call it a theory.
Would you like me to prove it to you?
Question: what are the odds that right here and now, I profess my love to you?
Intent unclear.
Estimation: near zero.
Yeah well, you're wrong.
Will you marry me, Schwi?
Cannot...
comprehend.
I decline.
I'm sorry I got carried away, even though I'm just a virgin!
About intimacy, humans exchange in order to reproduce.
But Schwi is Ex-machina.
I don't care about that!
I just want you and me, forever by each other's side!
Why? I'm by your side right now.
That's not what I mean, okay? I'm talking as a life partner!
Ex-machina cannot reproduce.
That doesn't matter!
We cannot copulate either.
Riku, you would always be a virgin.
That doesn't matter!
A momentary… delay…
Ahh, come ooon… I don't caaaare… Detaiiils!
It is not possible,
because...
Schwi?
Because...
Because I...
Reflection: Prüfer Energy
Decision approved.
I destroyed your home, Riku.
It was me.
Lösen: Org.
2807: Umweg.
I did it.
Can you...
still say what you just said?
Schwi, I already knew that.
Somehow I already knew.
How is that...?
Well,
the first thing that seemed a little off was,
you know... the first moment we ever met.
I mean, why would you have chosen to play chess in the first place?
Why would you have chosen to play chess in the first place?
Wasn't very well thought out, was it?
Even so... why?
Well,
I guess because once I knew the whole story,
I kinda fell for you.
Nothing changed the fact that you wiped out my hometown.
But if not for that, then we probably never would have met.
It is what it is.
We can try and sugarcoat it, but it won't change anything.
You can cry,
or feel bad,
or promise to never do it again.
Maybe pity is why you took an interest in me in the first place?
But no matter your past, in the present you're with me.
And in my future, I want you to stay.
It's called forever.
Being with you has made me think that even in a world like this, I want to live.
It's the only thing I can think of that makes me want to smile.
So,
will you throw logic aside and choose to walk this path with me?
As my wife?
Schwi?
In every sense,
to all rational appearances...
it is absurd.
And yet.
Let me...
Let me be by your side. With you and you alone Riku, forever.
Me too.
Riku,
do you take Schwi to be your wife,
swearing to grow old together,
supporting and loving each other, to the very end?
Yeah, I swear.
Hey, Riku! Take this seriously!
Sorry, we sorta got rid of that.
So, Aschente.
It kinda bugs me that you've been up to all this crazy stuff without me knowing.
Like, what the hell!
You don't even tell me you have a secret hideout, and now suddenly you're getting married!
Can we just get on with this stupid ceremony please?
You suggested it.
Do you, Schwi, take Riku as your husband,
supporting and loving each other, to the very e-
Yes.
I swear to Riku, the one who taught me why I was born,
and gave me a heart. I pledge myself.
I will not let you die, Riku.
We will live, side by side, to the very end.
Aschente.
And so, as your new big sister, I would like to congratulate you on your marriage.
Couronne!
You are so cute!
Couronne, why are you...?
She is the one you chose to be your bride, right?
In closing, you shall carve your names onto this.
A rock?
Yes, on a rock. If you guys are gonna live in secret, there should be no official documents.
Your name is on it...
Yes, with my surname. From now on, all three of us will bear its name.
It's weird for us to share a name.
Hey, Riku, Schwi, I don't know what you are... What either of you are planning to do.
I mean, you two aren't really part of this world.
But, well, I do know I have a little brother I adore, and now a courageous younger sister too.
So, I beg you:
don't do anything rash.
I don't wanna lose my family.
Yeah, no one is gonna die, Couronne.
Because this is one game we'll surely win.
You can trust us, Onee-chan!
I smell the black ash.
Well done, Werebeast.
I would let you eat me,
but I guarantee you I won't taste very good.
Who the hell are you?
Your clan has made the west coast of the continent Lucia, your home.
But the Dwarves are planning to conduct an advanced weapons test there.
And be warned this thing can even kill an Old Deus. It's a large scale explosive called an E-bomb.
Your kind can use Blood Destruction, right?
It can prove useful for you to get into the Dwarves facility.
You could make quick work of it, take care of things however you like.
The Dwarves' fleets will keep a close watch of the Werebeasts, and then move into action.
The Werebeasts, fearful of the E-bomb, flee Lucia.
Next, secret Elvish information will make its way to the Dwarves.
That's where it all comes together.
Who are you?
Let's see.
Let's just call me, "ghost".
I assume you have important business, barging into my home uninvited.
I was thinking the two of us could have a little game.
A game?
And the currency we'll bet with is information.
If you win, I'll tell you something. If you lose, you tell me something.
I don't know who you are,
and yet you think Nina Clive will just accept a challenge like that?
I'll give you something upfront then.
Information on the Áka Si Anse has been leaked to the Dwarves.
Good enough?
As the applicant and caretaker of the Áka Si Anse theory,
"Nina Clive"
you should have the ability to confirm if this information is valid or not.
Am I mistaken?
Very well, I may not know who you are, but this is something I cannot ignore.
Therefore, here is my wager.
The advocate of Áka Si Anse theory is actually...
- Somebody else, right?
Yes, I've already heard.
But I also know it's a lie.
And you will resort to magic to make me believe your lie.
Now then, what shall I give you if you win?
When the Dwarves learned of the Áka Si Anse, they concluded that it wasn't a threat.
And I have proof.
That's ridiculous!
It's true.
And I have more information.
The Dwarves are in possession of a weapon of their own, and it's even more powerful than the Áka Si Anse.
The E-bomb?
Yes.
A weapon of tremendous scale, one that can wipe out an entire continent.
You're saying those creatures that burrow in the earth, created something...
something more advanced than the Áka Si Anse: the combination of Elvish and spiritual magic...
Wait just a moment.
There have been times that you've chosen to lose on purpose.
Let me ask one last thing: are you our enemy,
or our ally?
I am neither your enemy, nor your ally.
I wish for as few of you to die as possible.
Very well, Ghost-san.
To be clear young man, I can assume you've shared this information with me alone, yes?
I guess I should tell you. My name is not Nina Clive.
My name is Think Nirvalen.
Did I fool you? Or did you figure it out?
Did you ever hear me call you Nina?
Of course if you know anything about me,
I'm going to make you regret ever trying to make me your play-thing.
After all, the rumor that the Elves are relentlessly tenacious...
first began with none other than the Nirvalen family.
Riku!
Riku, hold on! Here's a decontaminant!
Riku you lied to me! You said that it would only be an hour!
You've been breathing the black ash for twice that time!
I didn't have a choice.
I would have given myself away. I had to do it.
And besides, look how smart you are,
predicting that sort of suicidal behavior.
Riku!
I think this is it for me.
So, how much longer do you think I've got?
I won't let you die.
You have to stay alive until I die.
How long do Ex-machina live?
I have another 892 years left of life.
I guess I'll have to step it up, then.
The first objective was secured:
moving the violent battle lines outside of the human territories.
First the Dwarves and now the Elves.
Even the Werebeasts are leaving!
What's going on?
Lily, keep my things for me, I'll be back!
Wait, Couronne!
The ghosts continued to take action from behind the scenes.
And just like we wanted, the Elves eventually became allies with the Fairies,
and moved to ramp up their contracts with the Dragonia in order to defeat the Dwarvish fleet.
Meanwhile, the Dwarves became allies with the Gigants,
as well as several Phantasmas, who were all on friendly terms.
Manipulated by the ghosts' information,
each of the major powers took steps to guard against the destructive weaponry of the other,
moving our headquarters to the neighboring continent of Ariena.
And that just so happens to be the home of the greatest threat:
the Old Deus Artosh.
Umweg:
23 units are now installed.
That leaves 9 remaining.
As each of the other races started to take advantage of the situation,
the clock began ticking down to the world's final battle.
Exactly like we wanted.
Hey Schwi,
of all the Gods, is there a god of games?
And if I told you I met him, would you believe me?
The stuff he does, it's way beyond anything I can anticipate,
so of course I lose to him every single time,
and yet,
it's so much fun that I can't stand it.
And it's like, I just know that I beat him the next time.
I've been thinking about that since this whole thing started. So I...
I have to settle things with him, once and for all,
because that game of ours isn't over yet.
If you believe this,
then,
I believe it too.
If you say he exists, then he does.
I do not doubt you.
Oh, come on!
Why isn't someone here to hear you say that?! They wouldn't believe me!
Riku!
Riku!
Couronne.
It's just like you said,
we haven't lost a single person to the war,
and sightings of the other races have dried up as well.
Yeah I bet.
Well, if you two are the ones behind all of this,
then I must say you did something amazing.
But, Riku!
Look at the shape you're in! You need to be more careful!
It's not a problem.
It's a big problem, Riku!
You're falling apart.
We're almost there.
Just let me be.
But when is almost...?
I want it to be over.
How long do I have to keep worrying about you?
Couronne,
do you know what the gods are after with this war of theirs?
The throne of the One True God.
Yeah, according to Schwi,
it's something they refer to as the Suniaster.
It's a kind of conceptual device.
And it was designed so that out of all of those big fancy Old Deus idiots,
one of them can be God.
A conceptual device?
How are you supposed to find something like that?
It will appear under one condition:
it must manifest itself in front of the absolute power on this planet.
And if there are ten gods out there with equal power,
they will have to kill all the other nine, making whoever is left the One True God.
That's their twisted way of thinking.
What? Then they're morons!
So that's the reason that we've been...
Couronne, they're even dumber than you think.
Listen to this:
their precious Suniaster, we can make it show up without going through all that trouble.
And that's why I've gathered all these handsome fellas together.
The Áka Si Anse,
the E-bomb,
the Heavens' Strike,
they're powerful enough on their own,
but when put together in one area,
they could blast a hole right through the planet.
The planet?!
All the Old Deus were literally born from this world.
They all came from the Spirit Circuit.
Which means the greatest power of the whole wide world is actually...
the Spirit Circuit.
We may be the weakest, but we've set the stage for the final scene.
We're gonna use their own strength against them,
and turn the global balance of power on it's baffled little head.
The Suniaster will appear and once it is acquired,
the One True God will be chosen, and the planet will be reborn.
The operation will be an all-out assault,
so it must be done using Schwi's weaponry, which can skew the power's direction.
It will be an amalgam of influence, installing 32 Umweg units and, in theory,
should allow us to build enough raw power to destroy the planet.
There are nine installations left.
And once everything is set up...
- ...checkmate.
- ...checkmate.
Those fools will pierce the planet's core themselves,
and we'll be there to snatch the Suniaster right under their noses.
And we'll do it without anyone dying.
"Hey there, how you doing? You like losing? How does that feel?"
Riku..
- Riku!
- Riku!
Riku!
What did you tell them before you came here?
Nothing...
How about the colony, is it in an absolute panic?
Don't let them be on their own for too long.
What's with that? You guys said that and left without saying anything, that you'll never...
Take care of Nonna and the others, they need you.
Riku, just sleep.
I can't.
We have to hurry and set up the Umweg.
It can wait.
The attack will not be starting anytime soon. Your predictions are never wrong.
But...
You can rest for a little while.
Rest. Take a day off.
You're right.
I could probably use some time to get my strength back up.
Schwi.
I'm sorry for being such a burden.
Riku. Please sleep, you're not a burden.
And Schwi.
I have a favor to ask you.
Could you, hold my hand while I sleep?
I will hold your hand.
For as long as you need it. Don't worry, Riku.
Schwi, thank you for coming into my life.
I mean it.
I love you with all my heart.
Forever and ever.
Riku.
I'm sorry.
I'll be back.
The Elves have the Áka Si Anse.
The Dwarfs have their E-bomb.
And yet, they're both so weak and still challenging Lord Artosh.
The fools should get squashed, nyan!
That hurt...
You're the one being foolish, Azriel. We can't afford to make any brazen moves.
Lord Artosh is awaiting the right opportunity,
and so we must all wait as well.
Rather tedious, isn't it?
8 more.
If I acquire the Suniaster, then Riku will not die.
Riku, just hold on.
Well now.
Are you out here all by yourself?
I observed faint readings of magic, so I came to investigate.
And well, what a most unexpected bounty it has yielded me.
It's a pleasure to meet you, scrap.
Warning: Hostile action against this unit will trigger appropriate countermeasures.
From a single Prüfer unit? Isn't that cute.
I've confirmed there's no cluster readings within a 100km radius.
No one is coming to help you,
so I'd say this is a wonderful chance to remove that charming little head of yours.
Number 1: you must not kill anyone.
Luckily for you, Ex-machina have no understanding of the concept of death, do they now?
Number 2: you must let no one die.
There really is no use in resisti-
I refuse.
Pardon?
This unit has been abandoned.
It has no worth.
Number 6: break any of these rules, and you lose.
Therefore,
I'd like you to leave.
Don't tell me an Ex-machina is pleading for its life out of a fear of death?
So then you're a defect, cast out from your own collective? Oh, you are a premium catch indeed.
I've determined our respective combat abilities. My chances of winning are:
null.
And yet.
In improbability theory, there is no zero.
Laden: Launching code 1673B743E1F255, Activate: Lösen
Final Warning.
All armaments, fire power, and combat maneuvers shall be employed.
And you will beg for your life.
How precious. I thought Ex-machina were designed to parse and emulate the most optimal method to destruction.
I'm sorry sweetie, but I think someone has played a prank on you.
Over-boosto!
Asyut-Armor!
Scattering the elements.
As a machine, I suppose you're not very kind to the environment are you?
However, I might be able to do something about that.
Your depiction is unaffiliated.
Lösen: Enderpokryphen!
Einweg.
I should continue my escape until the Flügel cannot detect me any longer.
Oh, is that right?
And just what do you have in mind next?
Oh dear, I thought I was targeting the neck.
Perhaps my aim was a little bit off.
Because obviously, I cannot imagine a machine having anything close to resembling... intuition.
Anyway, this is growing tiresome. All I need from you is your adorable head.
The rest can rot in the dirt.
Kein-Eintrag!
Riku...
I don't want to die.
I can't die.
Because of me.
We cannot fail.
All I can do now...
All I can do...
All I can do for Riku is...
My designation number is Üc207Pr4f57t9.
Requesting reconnection to Übercluster Befehler Ein.
My analysis of the human heart is complete. I'm requesting reconnection. Repeat!
You have been permanently severed from the collective. Your data has been the source of critical error.
Request denied.
That isn't the code!
I dispute this refusal. All Prüfer reports and analytical studies are required to be sent to the Einzieg.
I strongly urge reconnection.
Einzieg, no... Correction:
No!
I don't want to die!
I love Riku, I don't want to be separated from him.
This doesn't make any sense.
These are the feelings Riku gave me.
These, are all Schwis' feelings.
There all mine and mine alone!
You can't just tell me to hand them over.
I won't let you have them.
You can't feel these feelings!
As calculated, your unit is damaged.
I know.
This system is contradicts life, and yet still manages to function, this is an anomaly.
I know why.
This status is not possible.
And yet it is! It is the heart Riku gave me. It shows me the truth!
In consideration of said status: it is deemed your unit contains valuable sample data.
Re-initiating data synchronization. Completion time is 251 seconds.
During which time, further damage to your unit is not permissible.
Alles-Lösen:
Forme...
Initiating the algorithm for combating unknown foes.
These emotions...
The life I have received being born a machine.
I have 251 seconds to survive... So I must-!
Are you trying to imply something, with those gorgeous wings of yours?
A bit audacious, but brilliantly constructed my dear.
Schwi.
Pardon?
I never told you my name.
But that would be it.
It was a gift to me,
from the one I love.
Oh yes, where are my manners. My name is Jibril. Pleased to make your acquaintance.
But I'm afraid,
it is time for us to say goodbye.
You cannot play your enemies at their own game.
Making them drop their guard, making them believe you are an unworthy opponent.
No. Making your enemies put their guard up, making them worry about acting rationally.
Waiting for the next move!
I cannot die, not yet!
I cannot die!
Einsweg!
Finally, a mistake.
You've caused me quite an amount of effort.
Mistake?
What do you mean by mistake?
Allow me to explain.
I apologize for calling you scrap metal, it was shamefully crass, but...
I have deemed your presence a threat that needs to be eliminated.
You are an enemy worthy of the full extent of my power.
Synchronization complete.
In this game,
victory goes to me.
Lösen: Kein-Eintrag.
Riku.
Hey Riku.
It's Schwi.
I finally understand.
I...
am so happy I met you.
Next time.
We'll never be apart.
I truly...
love you.
I didn't get her head... Now the merchandise is gone...
And I used so much of my energy, that I turned into this little thing.
What a waste of time... This wasn't worth the trouble at all...
I thought...
I thought I could win this time for sure. So long as I had Schwi, and the others.
I don't know what cruel god out there made us humans, but...
come on please, just once...
Can't you let me win, just one god damn time?
Well? If not...
Why did you give me a heart to feel such pain?
Schwi...
Why...?
You have to stay alive until I die.
Yeah that's right.
If my Schwi is gone, then what's the point anymore.
I have nothing left...
Spieler Riku.
Who are you?
I have no name.
But I shall call myself: Einzieg.
I am here to fulfill the wish given to me by the prayer, the deceased called: Schwi.
Schwi?
Rule Number 2: You must let no-one die.
The rules you came up with.
The conditions of failure.
They do not apply to the loss of a tool.
They do not apply to the loss of Schwi.
This makes, check.
The rest, is up to you.
Allow me to provide you with some additional information.
First off, given that the various races have gathered near the Einsweig installation points.
Any movement on our part will be immediately detected by the cluster,
with a 98% probability that we will engage in battle.
Thus, only the 24 Einsweig currently installed can be used.
Meaning it will not be possible to draw the energy downward and into the planet.
However, it will be possible to guide the energy south-west.
Second, we Ex-machina are able to deploy weaponry,
and this weaponry can be used to analyze and replicate any attack that is incurred.
Spieler Riku. You will take control of this weaponry and use it to drill into the planet,
allowing you to manifest the Suniaster.
Ex-machina are built machines, mere tools bereft of heart.
We are designed to complete a purpose, and must carry out the orders we are given.
As such, now Spieler Riku.
I shall aid you in your purpose. Your orders please.
Schwi...
The rules, did not include...
The loss, of a tool.
Schwi...
If this is what you wish,
then I wish it, too.
That is just cute, nyan!
I never was a fan of the whole healing procedure. Nya.
It has been long time since I've seen you like this, Jibril.
But I can't still help but wonder what the piece of junk was up to.
Detecting multiple heat signatures from the outside. It's-!
What is going on here, who had the nerve to launch Heavens' Strike?
We've confirmed the preemptive strike originating from Avant-Heim. Prepare to launch the E-bomb.
Fire the Áka Si Anse. Maximum output!
Aim for Artosh to Starbord and the Dwarfish fleet to the Port.
I predict a strike from Avant-Heim.
No... This is...
Nya... Those mechanical monsters are thumbing their noses at us.
Piles of scrap!
Artosh-sama?
I've grown tired of this charade,
and now I must respond. A beam of all my power shall confront the attacks of the weakest.
Yes, you... Monkey.
The Heavens' Strike came from behind Avant-Heim. Fired in a way so that no one was killed and as a result.
Cluster 11 is now in motion. Headed for point Z.
It's on the verge of all-out war.
Take your positions.
We're going up against an Old Deus.
He will see right through whatever plan we humans come up with.
And be assured, he will bring everything he has to wipe us out.
That's how the powerful think. It's how they do things.
The foolish do not know if they are worth less than the dirt in which they hide.
You can struggle, but you will know that no matter how many of you band together and writhe upon the earth,
you are no strength of the Heavens.
Fire the Áka Si Anse. Maximum capacity!
Launch the E-bomb!
Heavens' Strike!
Even the combined power of the Áka Si Anse and the E-bomb,
could not stop the enveloping fury of Artosh's Heaven's Strike.
All of that energy will collide and build into a raging blaze.
This signals the end of this world.
And then...
It's turning away.
All that energy.
We are machines, tools bereft of heart.
We have lived here, yet were never alive. Let us die having lived!
Aus: Jawohl!
Cluster 11 has incorporated 4807 units. And calculated aberration and replication, synchronizing.
Lösen:
Org. 0000: Stalemartyr. This is for you.
Okay then.
That makes this a draw.
A stalemate.
Sorry, all you so-called gods.
The Suniaster.
How many people, have died for this moment?
Schwi's comrades.
Life after life.
How many...
How many people have I sent to their deaths?!
What have I done, I was nothing but a fraud. A con artist, gambling with Schwis' spirit!
No I can't take it. I can't do this.
This can't possibly be a draw!
Schwi!
I'm sorry... Schwi.
I lost.
Hey, Schwi.
If it can only be you and me,
the two of us, together again.
The next time for sure though. I know we're going to win Schwi.
I know exactly how we can win the next time around.
Oh God of the Game! My life is worth nothing now!
But I'm offering it to you. And for the first time in my life, I pray to you!
I'm begging you! That even if I'm a loser and a cheat,
someone who would steal and fall into disgrace! That even if these hands are stained in blood!
Please. Please say it all meant something, that we meant something!
Anyone... please tell me you can put an end to this war!
Please... take the Suniaster, please!
The hell?
So you were real after all...
Hey.
Let's play another game.
This time I'll show you that we can win.
Schwi and I.
Count on it.
When I was a child, I thought the world was a much, much simpler place.
I thought there was no challenge that was unbeatable, that if I tried hard enough, anything was possible.
I thought I was seeing the world with clear eyes.
Maybe I was.
Checkmate.
Right, Riku?
If things go well, do you think you could move the white rook to E6 for me?
Couronne Dola.
Or I mean...
Nee-san.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Thank you so much. For everything.
Riku, Schwi-chan.
You two did something truly incredible.
You put an end, to the eternal war.
And yet...
Why do I feel like this?
Why is it that I feel so... Why do I...
Why do I feel so cheated...!
The game isn't over yet, you know.
That may very well be check, but it's not checkmate.
Still, if something doesn't change.
Then we'll be locked in a perpetual check.
This is a first for me you know... It's ended in a draw.
No one created you.
No one wished for you.
And no one asked for you.
Purely of your own will, you went from beasts to walking on two legs.
Attaining knowledge and becoming what you are today. A nameless race.
But I, the One True God, shall give you a name.
Immanity.
And so.
To all exceed, the self appointed sentient races.
First, there was Achéte, to honor the fallen.
Then Aschent, for consent between a races.
But now you will use Aschente!
As of this day, the world will be forever changed!
Now, lets keep this game going!
So about that story, how much of it was true and how much was a lie?
Oh Izuna, if I told the whole truth, it wouldn't be an unspeakable myth anymore, would it?
You can be a real jerk, you know that?
But, I like having you pet me, so I'll forgive you.
Izuna!
Izuna-tan!
Izuna-tan!
Sora, Shiro, Steph.
Hey, where the hell did you go?
You really gotta look out, there's a bunch of creeps out there, you know.
Someone like Sora, or someone like Shiro?
You met me and then just took off, moron... .
They're absolutely right, Izuna!
There are no creeps in this entire world worse than these two right h-!
Oh my god, what are you doing?!
What is that writing?
Jibril.
Hi. Hello, hello!
Can you read this?
Oh, it's an ancient language from way back before Immanity became one of the races.
Come to think of it, most of our problems are usually this idiot's fault.
It says, Couronne Dola, Riku Dola, and Schwi Dola.
Couronne Dola?
Yes, she was the ruling Queen of Elchea.
She was smart and full of joy, and a bright soul who was never ever seen crying.
She was the pride of the Dola family.
And who are the other two?
I have no idea.
Schwi...
The little creature was not a part of Immanity.
I feel like I've heard that name before...
At least. I think so.
As it turns out, the world really isn't all that complicated.
It's pretty simple actually.
It's all just a game, a very simple game.
Of course, some will try to make it difficult.
But you can handle them, I know it.
I know you can!
Now...
- Let's get this game started!
- Let's get this game started!
How far back should I begin this story?
doko kara hanaseba iindarou
Though even if you get tired of listening,
machikutabiretemo
I won't let you tell me its over.
owari da nante iwasenai kara
I bring with me an unconscious impulse that I scribbled down—
kakinagutta muishiki no shoudou o tsurete
If everything ends up broken,
nanimokamo kowashitara
I can begin again from the impossible.
fukanou o hajimereba iinda
There's a reason that we came across in this world.
There's a reason that we caught the magnetic wave.
As we hurt one another, where is this world headed?
kizutsukeau sekai wa doko e?
So, the reason I cry for the sake of love,
So, ai no tame ni nakeru no wa
Is because you're right there.
kimi ga soko ni iru kara
And I'll continue calling out to only you.
kimi dake o yobitsudzukeru kara
The reason I sing for the sake of love,
ai no tame ni utau no wa
And the fact we'll keep surviving together,
soshite tomo ni ikinuku koto
Is because I'm always... with you.
zutto kimi to
I looked to the blue sky, and the sea below looked like a serene mirror.
aoiro shita sora to nami hitotsu nai kagami no you na umi o miteta
No matter where you are, no matter what form you take, no matter what era you're in,
donna basho ni itatte donna katachi ni natte donna jidai ni itatte
I'll find you.
mitsukedasu
So, shall we?
jaa, yarimasu ka?
Let's oppose this fate hanging in midair.
chuudzuri ni shita sadame ni sakaratte
There's a reason that we came across in this world.
There's a reason that we caught the magnetic wave.
Pulled toward one another, where are we headed?
hikiyoseau futari wa doko e
So, the reason I carry on for the sake of love,
So, ai no tame ni susumu no wa
Is because you're right here with me.
kimi to koko ni iru kara
And I'll continue protecting only you.
boku dake ga kimi o mamoru kara
The reason I wish for the sake of love,
ai no tame ni negau no wa
And the the fact no one will be hurt by it,
soshite daremo kizutsukezu ni
Is because you're always... by my side.
zutto tonari de
We'll overcome,
bokura wa koete yuku
All of this world's hatred,
subete no nikushimi o
So abandon any false sense of justice!
nisemono no seigi nado sutete shimae
So, the reason I cry for the sake of love,
So, ai no tame ni nakeru no wa
Is because you're right there.
kimi ga soko ni iru kara
We will always be together!
The reason...
ai no
The reason I carry on for the sake of love,
ai no tame ni susumu no wa
Is because you're right here with me.
kimi to koko ni iru kara
And I'll continue protecting only you.
boku dake ga kimi o mamoru kara
The reason I wish for the sake of love,
ai no tame ni negau no wa
And the fact we'll keep surviving together,
soshite tomo ni ikinuku koto
Is because we'll always...
zutto
We will always be together!
