This film, which uses animation cells from the 1950s to 1980, has undergone photochemical and digital restoration between January 2001 and July 2003 
This film won the 'Prix Louis Delluc' award in 1979
a coproduction    
Paul Grimault films and Gibé-Antenna 2 
The King and the Mocking bird
_____________________________
   Translated by E. Hakki
Based on “The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep” by H.C Andersen 
screenplay by Jacques Prévert and Paul Grimault
script by Jacques Prévert
music by Wojciech Kilar 
Certain images and 4 songs, written by Jacques Prévent, composed by Joseph Kosma, are extracted from “The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweeper,” realised by Paul Grimault and produced by company of Gémeaux-André Sarrut
Ladies and Gentlemen...Oh, pardon me
The history that we will have the honour and the pleasure of telling to you is an absolutely precise one
It is a totally truthful account
It happened to me...and others at the same time
At a happy time where I had built my nest at the top of the large palace in the immense kingdom of Tachycardia
At that time the ruler was King Charles the...5 and 3 make 8 and 8 make 16th of Tachycardia
He was not a good king. 
He detested everyone, and everyone in the kingdom detested him
Loneliness - and hunting - were his favorite pastimes
Lastly, as you can all see, we were not friendly
Here rests my dear wife, victim of an unfortunate incident of hunting”
Bravo, bravo! Long live his majesty! Bravo, good shot! 
Assassin!
Absolutely! I say it, and I mean it! A-ssa-ssin!
And I even add, you are an unpleasant person! An absolutely unpleasant person!
Lastly, let us see...how else to describe you?
To shoot at poor creatures! And they call you - "His Majesty”!
Pathetic wretch! You dare speak to me in such a tone?
No, but I ask you this...who here is more pathetic than a bird!? 
First floor: Current businesses, Contentious issues
Treasury, Goldsmithery, Subsidies
Liquidation, Account Balancing, Royal Family
Prison of State, prison of summer, prison of winter
Prison of autumn and spring,
Prison for small and large
Military equipment, ministry for the war and hostilities
Under-secretary's Department of State to Peace
Outfits of any kind, Hosiery, Fireworks
Ammo, Fur, Hats, Headgear,
Trumpets, Brushes to glitter, Drums
Police, Lavatories, Armed Forces
Great Royal Printing Works, Royal Letters, Imposition taxes
Civil Imprisonment, Dungeons and Catacombs
Lace-making and Puzzles, Sunshades and Umbrellas
Casino, Shooting Gallery, Military Museum, Botanical Garden,
Gallery of Ancestors, Great Royal Workshops
Night Shelter of the King, Royal Zoo, King's Hairdressing Salon,
Personal Chiropodist, Sauna, Frest Water Fountain
King's Chamber Music, Royal Guard Trumpets.
The new official painter of His Majesty! 
Stage 296 - Secret apartment of His Majesty.
Secret apartment! 
Perfect!
Sleep, sleep, small birds! the King is not sleepy, and it is well done for him
He sleeps with only one eye, and stirs up in his bed. 
Sleep, sleep, small birds. Dear small birds, dear small birds! 
Papa is here to take care, Papa who takes care of your grain
Sleep little marvels, it will turn night to day
Sleep, sleep, small birds
Dear small birds, dear small birds!
The King is not sleepy, for he is afraid the night, because of the earwigs and the bats
Sleep, sleep, small birds. Dear small birds, dear small birds
What do you want? One cannot like everyone! 
Especially when one does not know who he is 
And you, who do you like? 
Me? I love only you. And you?
Me too, I love only you! 
You are the nicest chimney sweeper I ever knew
And you are the prettiest shepherdess I ever saw
Have you seen many others? 
No, nor have I ever dreamed of another
Believe in my long experience
I already said it to you both a hundred times, you are not made for one another
For starters you do not have the same colour
A shepherdess...and a chimney sweeper! It is out of the question
Out of the question!
I love you, small shepherdess, and I am the king
Let us go, do not waste your time with this coalman 
I am the king, I love you, we must marry
There is no need to hesitate. Right? 
Indeed it is obvious. Besides, it is written in the books
"The shepherdesses marries the kings"
No discussions.
It is decided. The marriage will take place immediately
Here even, as of this evening, when the clock strikes midnight sound!
Believe my old experience, they will not go far
Here all is enclosed...and besides, there is no door
It is an escapade of no importance. 
Soon you will see them returning quicker than they left
Where are they? 
Well from my old experience, it would appear that they...well...left
Ah! Never would I have believed that the sky could be so beautiful 
Rest assured! The world is so large, they will not go far
They are so young, they will be afraid. They will return
And in any case you would do well to wait since you cannot leave from here
There isn't anything glue to my behind!
Ah! You there, you! All my compliments!
You will be able to gain on the the pretty one, now, with about my leg
A broken leg! Being a man of my age!
And of my value! 
This will not bear well on your happiness! 
Police, Police!
Police! Police! Police! Police!
Long live His Majesty!
Awaiting you orders, Majesty. What do you desire? 
Hmm! A small, charming shepherdess to whom I carry a tender interest
She was taken by a wretched little chimney sweep!
I want! I order! I require that you find them as soon as possible!
Oh, looks! Birds! 
Oh! I thank you, chimney sweep! It was so nice of you to save my little boy
He is a little careless.
He was fooled by the trap.
And it is not the first time it has captured him
Ah! By the way my little friends, I advise you take care too
In fact the traps densely populate this vast kingdom of Tachycardia!
Traps for children, bird traps, traps for...  
But...you do not listen to me, hmm?
You would do well to listen. In fact, you could avoid much sorrow
Especially my words, I have travelled so much
The world! The things I have seen!
Niagara falls, The 'Bells of Corneville', the Tower of London
The squares of Italy and Paris, The Panama Canal, and the festival at Neuilly
Wonders of the World. Fourth lesson! Come on! Come on children!
"The world is a wonder, the day and the night!" 
"With the moon and the sun!" 
"The stars and the sounds!"
"The world is a wonder, the day and the night!"
"With the sea which is so deep, and the Earth which is so round!" 
Why is it round?
Because it turns. 
And why does it turn? 
Well, because it is round! 
Where does it turn?
Around the Sun!
How strange! It usually takes at least twenty-four hours...
It must be because you are new here! It did that to please to you! 
The Earth is a nice place.
That it is.
Attention! Attention! Generous reward offered! Attention! Attention!
"A charming shepherdess, and a small, insignificant chimney sweep"
Are sought by the police force of His Majesty 
King Charles 5 and 3 make 8 and 8 make 16th of Tachycardia
Be careful children. Many will be after you.
Do not panic! If the things become complicated, call me
I'll come and help you! 
But how will we call you?
Just shout 'Bird'! And the bird will come!
Bird! Bird! Bird!
We have to move. Follow me! 
The elevator! Take a seat, it will leave immediately. Leave everything to me
Gentleman! If you want the "shepherdess and chimney sweeper"
to claim the generous reward, I am your man! 
Where are they? 
Up there, up there gentleman! Follow me!
Long live His Majesty! 
The chimney sweep
The shepherdess
Long live His Majesty!
Finally! What makes a police force? They should be able to find this small shepherdess
"Attention! Attention! Generous reward offered! Attention! Attention!"
"A charming shepherdess, and a small, insignificant chimney sweep"
"Are sought by the police force of His Majesty"
"King Charles 5 and 3 make 8 and 8 make 16th of Tachycardia"
Stop them! I found them! Here they are! 
Bird! Bird!
"Ah my love, forever, forever! Love, love! Love, always, forever"
There they are! There they are!
There they are!
Arrest them!
Arrest them!
Stay here and do not forget what I said to you
Beware of traps. Bird traps, child traps...
Attention! Attention! It is exactly six, twenty-five and thirty seconds
"Attention! Attention! It is exactly six, twenty-five and thirty seconds" 
"The shepherdess and chimney sweeper have just entered the lower city"
Who is there?
The new ones!
What are they like?
A boy and a girl, both with fair hair and blue eyes
Young?
Very young.
Hello, children. Who are you? Where are you from?
Do you bring news? 
Does this world truly exist? Is it true that the Sun is shining? 
Yes, it is truth. We can see it. 
How is it? 
It shines. It is very yellow!  
It is golden when it rises and any red when it sets
We saw the Moon too. We can tell you what its like! 
The Bird explained it too us! 
'The Bird'? They also saw a bird!
I told you friends! We are saved! The world exists! The Sun is shining!
And there are birds!
Ah life is beautiful! We will all see that one day!
Now some music!
Bird!
At last I have found you! We will marry!
No more delays!
As it is written in the books, the kings always marry the shepherdesses 
Not possible! You disapprove?
Explain! 
Why do you want her to marry you when it is clear she loves the chimney sweep? 
The Chimney sweep! The Chimney sweep!
Still the Chimney sweep! Always the Chimney sweep!
You'll see what I do with that damn Chimney sweep!
Say yes to save time. I will sort things out later
Stop! I Accept.
What will you do to them?
Rest assure, they are out of danger. Quite the contrary
They will work. What could be better for them?
But...you promised they would be set free! 
Work, my dear...it is freedom...
Life is beautiful! The Sun will shine! Soon we will see the birds! 
IDENTITY TICKET 
'Volunteer worker'
Patience! This will not last much longer! 
Long live His Majesty!
Crimes against His Majesty. Very well, very well
Under article 28, no leniency
Article 28 is here.
Bravo, bravo, bravo!
Someone spoke...someone shouted 'bravo'. Who shouted? 
It was me.
Who are you? 
A bird!
A Bird! A bird! The two children had predicted it! You have come!
A bird! A great bird! And with feathers? 
Multicoloured!
You can also fly I hope?
This will answer your question! Judge for yourselfffff!
I heard the beat of his wings. This is extraordinary! It flies! 
Let us not exaggerate, it is only natural
And not only does it fly, but it speaks!
All languages. I am an interpreter, a polyglot!
I know the Toucan, English, Latin, the hare too
Chinese, the parrot of course, and even...
the lion! 
The lion!?
Exactly, the lion. I said it and I'll prove it too! 
Extraordinary! What did you say to them? 
I said to them, “Hello my friends. How are you?” 
What did they answer? 
That they feel upset. They are very bored here
They are particularly hungry too!
So out of pure courtesy I said, "Bon appetite!”
Euh, maybe I should not have said that. 
Play! Quick play something merry, for the love of the sky, play before they devour him!
Devour who? 
The Chimney sweeper, no more questions
Oh, is he here too?
Yes! Now play! 
And the shepherdess? 
The King took her 
For what purpose?
To marry her, now play instead of asking questions!
What a dreadful misfortune! They were both so nice!
Oh, how sad things turned out!
Ah, they are not so bad. What good wild beasts you are
My friends, you sympathise with the pain of this poor Chimney sweep
It is beautiful. It is so noble. I congratulate you
Music please, something merrier! 
I say, when you know the sordid lower parts of this monstrous machination, 
then my Lion friends, your frightening indignation 
cannot be contained within the four walls of this dark prison.
Innocent Shepherdess who is kept from her sheep!
And for what reason did she keep sheep?
Oh, not for herself, the poor little shepherdess, but for you, my lion friends!
Yes for you, the brave little shephardess keeps good large sheep
All for you, my good friends
The suddenly...the King!
What does the King do my friends? Eh?
He takes the shepherdess from her flock!
The sheep flee to all four corners of the world
The poor creatures, the poor large defenseless sheep
Thrown into a panic, wild and livid!
In the of middle storms, threatened by the avalanches and great chasms!
Those who escape, find themselves falling into the jaws of the wolves! 
Finished making a racket, no?
They're here, they're here, here they are! 
Who are here? 
The birds! 
Finally! Birds! We are saved! 
Long live the birds!
Exactly friends! We are here!
How curious, to see them all like that, following the bird
The hour when the kings is to marry the shepherdess
has once again has sounded. Ahhh! 
The King, upright with the shepherdess under the
immense red velvet platform above the throne, silently enjoys his triumph
Close to him, his dog, proud like Artaban, expensively dressed,
bearing a wig that borrows from classical eighteenth century fashion
It is the solemn moment where the Mayor of the Palace,
kneeling respectfully in front of his beloved sovereign,
poses to him, with a rare smile of chivalry, the ritual question
Do you accept, Lord, to take this modest shepherdess as your wife? 
Yes!
Do you accept, modest shepherdess, the immense honor of becoming His Majesty's wife? 
Do you accept, modest shepherdess? 
Yes, of course, there is your answer! 
They are wed! 
They are wed! The face of the small queen sparkles with happiness
Listen to the voice of the audience, roaring with enthusiasm
Long live His Majesty!
Long live His Majesty!
Happiness! Health! Prosperity!
And long live their future little princes!
Thank you. You provided an immense service to me
But it stays between us. 
You see me, Madam, happiest of all men! 
Not for long!
King, do not try and flee, all the birds have you surrounded
And when I say the birds, I do not mean my little ones
Do not be afraid children, Papa knows the technique
I told you my children
- When Papa interferes... 
- He really interferes! 
...and subtitled by E. Hakki :)
