Start entry sequence.
Initializing LCL ionization.
Plug depth stable at default value.
Autonomous systems are go.
Boot-up voltage has cleared the threshold.
Launch prerequisites achieved.
Synchronization rate requirements are go.
Pilot.
Please specify linguistic norm for cognitive functions.
Umm, it's my first time, so... Japanese.
Roger.
So, the new plug suit wasn't provided on time.
This suit is tight around my chest, I don't like it.
Sorry about sending you into combat in the provisional unit on such short notice.
I finally get to pilot, so it's fine.
It's because you're a troublemaker.
Well, it's in your hands now.
It's moving, it's moving!
This is great... I'm so excited!
Alright.  Provisional Evangelion Unit 05.
Activate!
Defend the limbo area at all costs!
We cannot allow it to escape from Acheron.
How could a containment system as secure as Cocytus be neutralized?
It was within the realm of possibility.
On its own, humanity is incapable of holding the Angels in check.
The analysis pulling a permafrost extraction
of the Third Angel was so extensive,
all that what was left were the bones.
And that was the conclusion.
With that said, good luck!
Happiness doesn't walk to you~
That's why I walk to it~
One step a day, making three steps in three days~
Three steps forward, and two steps back~
Life is a one-two punch!
Ooh, here it comes!
Activate A.T. field!
Target inbound.
EVA Unit 05 is about to engage the hostile.
It's hard to move in this thing!
I guess I'll have to use brute force!
Upper outer wall integrity compromised!
The final seal is about to be breached!
Target has broken through limbo area.
Now moving into Acheron.
Get Unit 05 to do something!
Don't you run away!
Ow, it hurts!
It really hurts...
But it's fun, so whatever!
I'm out of time!
This unit won't hold, either!
These spare limbs were forcefully synchronized, they don't have enough power!
Fine!
I'll let you have an arm!
Just...
... die already!
Target obliterated.
Unit 05 has been vaporized.
Pilot appears to have been ejected.
So, Unit 05's self-destruct program was successfully activated.
Though, I'm not so sure about involving a kid in the affairs of adults.
Ow ow ow...
They didn't say synchronizing with an EVA would be this intense...
Well, at least I'm alive.
I'm not so sure about involving
an adult to achieve my own goals.
Farewell, EVA Unit 05.
You did good.
It's been three years since the two of us last came here.
I ran away that day, and never came back here since.
I have no recollection at all that Mom was buried here.
I don't even remember her face.
People live on by forgetting their memories.
But, there are memories that should never be forgotten.
Yui taught me that invaluable lesson.
I come here to remind myself of it.
Aren't there any pictures of her?
There aren't any left.
This graveyard is just for appearances.
There is no body.
You threw everything away, just like my teacher said.
It's all inside my heart.
That will do for now.
It's time.  I'll head back first.
Father!
Umm...
I'm glad that I was able to talk to you today.
I see.
Well, Shinji?
You were worried about all sorts of things,
but they weren't so bad once you met him, right?
Aren't you glad that you came instead of sulking at home?
It's the anniversary of your mother's death, after all.
It's only because you forced me to, Misato-san.
That's because deep down inside you, Shinji-kun, you wanted to go.
Be more honest with yourself.
Being honest only results in painful thoughts.
You lived up to everyone's expectations and saved us.
Have more confidence in yourself.
I'm sure your father was proud of you.
This is Katsuragi.
What did you say?!
The Seventh Angel has been detected off the coast of Sakami Bay.
The 2nd fleet is currently engaging the enemy.
A state of emergency was declared 3 minutes ago.
I also have visual confirmation here.
I am currently transporting the pilot of Unit 01.
Activate Task 03 on Unit 00 immediately!
Can't do that, Task 02 is already in progress.
Task 02?
No way!
It ist 02!
Wow, she took out the core in one shot!
No, that's a decoy!
Take this!
Situation resolved!
The blocking-off of all designated areas is complete.
Currently, EVA Unit 02 is being
transported via Route 1 from Sagami.
It will arrive at the 4th Depot on time.
Wow, so Unit 02 is red?
It's not just the coloring that makes it different!
After all, Unit 00 is just a prototype and Unit 01 is only a test type.
But, Unit 02 is different.
Designed specifically for combat, it's the world's first genuine Evangelion!
The official type!
Introducing the ace of the European Air Force, Captain Shikinami Asuka Langley.
She's the Second Child, and the pilot of EVA Unit 02.
It's been a while, Misato!
So she's the Commander's pet who was chosen to be the pilot of Unit 00.
And?  Who's the Daddy's boy who was chosen to be the pilot of Unit 01?
U-Umm...
Are you stupid?!
How irresponsible of you to not be around during such a crucial time!
What's worse, you're not even alert.
You're not even ashamed despite missing a chance to fight in an EVA unit!
It really isyour father you're a pilot.
Geez, who's that girl?!
Does she have a screw loose or something?
Though, it's amazing she's already a captain despite being our age!
It's too amazing!
She must've skipped grades and graduated from university!
Excuse me.
Do I pass the barrier to the platform here to reach the Geofront Hub Terminal?
Ah, yes.
You can change trains at the station four stops ahead.
I was only away for two years, but it feels like I've been away for decades.
Thanks.  You really helped me out.
By the way, aren't you with Katsuragi?
She's an old friend of mine.
You're not the only one who knows how bad she looks when she's sleeping, Ikari Shinji-kun.
How she looks when she's sleeping, he said...
What's with that guy?
No no, it was quite the job.
The problematic Third Angel and EVA Unit 05 were dealt with, as planned.
We're insisting it was an accident.
With this, Betania Base's Marduk Project will be set back.
Everything is going according to your plan.
And, I sent the usual new information on Seele earlier
We've seen it.
The info on the construction of Mark. 06 was very useful.
Moving on.
This is the promised item.
It's the Lost Number kept as a spare.
The guidepost to unify souls unto God.
Yes, this will open the door to Human Instrumentality.
The Key of Nebuchadnezzar.
Well then, I'll be doing my own thing for the time being.
Kaji Ryouji, Chief Inspector.
Can we trust him?
Have you lost some weight, Ricchan?
Sorry.  I've put on 1,570 grams.
I'd like to confirm that with my own eyes.
I don't mind, but this room is under surveillance.
No problem.  I've already popped in a dummy tape.
You cover your bases, as usual.
I just don't like losing.
But you already lost.
That terrifying woman is watching us.
Ryou-chan, it's been a while.
Yep, too long.
What the hell are you doing here?!
Aren't you supposed to be in Europe?
Special assignment.
I'll be here at Headquarters for a while.
The three of us can hang out together again, just like when we were in college.
I have no intention of going back to the old days!
I just have some business with Ritsuko.
I've already let the Human Resources Department know about Asuka.
Bye!
Misato's clearly jealous.
Ryou-chan, you have a chance with her.
Well, I wonder about that.
Shikinami... Asuka...
So there are actually people who happily pilot EVAs.
I'm home...
Wait, what the hell is this?
My room!
Excuse me!
That's my stuff.
Huh?
Then what about mine?  Huh?
Why are you here, Shikinami?
Are you stupid?
It means that you're being trashed.
Well, it doesn't take much to conclude who's the superior pilot here.
But...
Though, why are the rooms in Japan so small?
I can't fit even half my things in it.
Also, why do Japanese people have no sense of fear?
They can actually live in a room with no lock on it.
It's unbelievable!
That's because it is a Japanese virtue to be considerate and respectful.
Misato-san!
You're annoying.
Hurry up and get out of here with all your trash!
Oh, Shin-chan will continue staying here.
Whaaat?!
What both of you lack are adequate communication skills.
As fellow pilots, you'll share in many things.
So you better get along!
Hmph!
It's an order.
Alright, together!
Thanks for the meal.
Man, beer really is best after a shower!
S-Some sort of weird creature is in the bathroom!
It's a penguin.
It's name is Pen-pen
You pervert!  Idiot!  Letch!  Unbelievable!
You're both becoming more honest with each other.  Things are going nicely.
This is why I hate guys!
Right, Pen-pen?
I'm different from them.
I'm special!
That's why, from now on...
... you can rely on yourself, Asuka.
I knew you wouldn't answer, Father.
Kaji's organizing a social studies field trip?
Yes, he also said to invite everyone.
Nothing good comes from being involved with him.
Then, I'll pass.
Nope, "make peace and listen".
Asuka, you're going too.
Is that also an order?
We're right in front of the Tabgha lunar base, but they still won't authorize a landing.
SEELE is playing dirty.
The construction method of Mark. 06 is unusual.
Being able to confirm that is enough.
But there shouldn't have been any plans for anything beyond Unit 05.
It is possible that undisclosed Dead Sea Scrolls Apocrypha exist.
SEELE intends to use them to advance their plan.
But, even SEELE must realize by now what NERV's ultimate objective is.
Even so, we have no choice but to continue forward.
Even if we are to oppose the will of God.
A person?
It can't be.
Pleased to meet you,
Father.
Wow!  This is too cool!
The preservation of extinct marine animals,
and the restoration of the
red stained sea to its original state!
This is a forbidden sanctuary that conducts experiments of divine magnitudes!
Being able to visit even a small part of it is unbelievable!
It's like the saying, "That's what friends are for"!
I gotta give ya my thanks.
Kaji-san's the one you should be thanking.
Well, things will get quite complicated from here.
Oww, hot!
Brrr, cold!
Blugh... this again?!
Noo!
No more...
Yahoo!
It's a huge aquarium!
Wow!
Are these animals that lived before the Second Impact?
Woah!  They're alive!
Awesome!  This is too awesome!
Ooh, that animal has something on its back!
I think they're called turtles.
Turtles?
Getting all excited like a bunch of kids.
How stupid.
Ayanami, I'm glad you came.
Are you feeling okay?
Yes, I was able to come today,
since I finished my assignments.
It's so cramped.
It'd be nice if they had more space to swim.
Impossible.
These little ones can't live outside this tank.
Just like me.
I'm digging in!
It's surprisingly good.
Yeah.  Nice job with the grilling and seasoning.
It's unbelievable how meat that is 90% artificial could taste so good depending on how it's prepared!
Shinji, you've been hiding your talents.
Misato-san only has instant food, so I had to learn how to cook.
Shinji-kun, men who can cook get all the girls.
Heard that?
I won't cook!
Real men don't cook!
You're being old-fashioned, how stupid.
Whatcha say?!
Ya gotta live by ya principles!
You're only making yourself look dumber.
Whatcha say?!
Whatever, just eat, eat!
Sorry, Ayanami.
You didn't like the taste?
No.  I just don't eat meat.
Why do the Japanese apologize even if they didn't do anything wrong?
And you!  Living things eat other living things to survive!
Be sure to eat every last bit of it so that it didn't die for nothing!
What is it, pet?  Wanna fight?!
Alright, comin' through...
Well then, allow me...
What?  I'm not giving you any!
You're one greedy brat!  Shoo!
Moron!
How stupid.
Then, how about some Miso soup?
It'll warm you up.
It's good.
To think that this is Mother Earth...
It's so heart-wrenching I can't even look.
However, there are people who wished for this disaster.
An world cleansed of the original sin that no man can enter.
I prefer a chaotic world that has been corrupted by man.
Chaos is in the eye of the beholder.
Everything in the world is built upon harmony and regularity.
So, it's the human heart that
throws the world into chaos?
I can't imagine that this ocean was blue before I was born.
Even the simple restoration of this environment to one that humans can live in was quite the feat.
But, this sea breeze...
... has a strange, fishy smell to it.
It's the smell of rotting marine life.
It's proof they are alive.
It's not like that mass of red water with nothing in it.
This is what the sea used to look like.
Originally, the world was wide, and filled with all kinds of life.
I wanted you guys to know that.
I'm glad I came.
Misato-san should've come with us, though.
Katsuragi wouldn't come.
It'll prompt her to remember.
Remember what?
The Second Impact.
Do you know why Katsuragi joined NERV?
Katsuragi's father was a man who lived in his research and his dreams.
She resented him for that.
In fact, I think she despised him.
So, you don't get along with your father.
Just like me.
She's just like me.
But in the end, she was saved by the very father she resented.
Being a survivor means many things.
You must accept the sacrifices of the dead, and carry on their wills.
This is all the more so if you are alone.
You're not the only one who's suffering.
The Mauna Kea Observatory detected the target three minutes ago.
Now inputting trajectory data.
Surveillance Satellite 3 has
obtained visuals of the target.
Displaying at highest magnification.
An A.T. field so powerful it can bend light...
Impressive.
Well, what is the estimated point of impact?
Obviously here, huh?
Based on Magi's re-estimate, the probability of it striking NERV Headquarters is at six nines.
The N2 aerial mines have no effect.
So, we can't change its orbit...
It's overconcentrating its A.T. field at one point.
This will add to the energy of the crash.
This means the Angel itself is a bomb.
The estimated blast size from the Eighth Angel's impact is 420,000 meters wide,
and 15,000 meters below sea level.
Tokyo-3 would be completely annihilated.
The GeoFront and even Central Dogma would be completely exposed.
And Commander Ikari?
The Angel is interfering with the radio waves in the upper atmosphere.
We are unable to contact him at present.
We'll have to deal with this ourselves.
Notify the Japanese government and each ministry.
I am issuing Order D-17 on behalf of NERV.
Begin the evacuation of all civilians within a 120 kilometer radius.
Not a problem.
Government officials have already begun the evacuation.
Evacuation of civilians in the city is complete.
Evacuation of noncombatants and Class D personnel signaled by Departmental Alarm C is complete.
The backing-up of Magi has been left to Matsushiro.
And?  What are you going to do?
The EVAs may be strong, but they can't fly in the sky.
Sniping it down is impossible from all points due to massive spatial distortions.
There's nothing we can do
against such an absurd enemy.
You're serious about this?
Yes, I am.
Can you even call this strategy a plan?
Magi predicts a failure rate of over 99 percent.
Even if we succeed, we risk losing three EVAs.
As the Chief of Engineering, I won't accept this.
The probability of success is not zero.
Steady effort trumps waiting for a miracle.
Protecting Lilith and Unit-01 should be our top priority.
I'm not waiting for a miracle.
I'll make it happen though human determination.
Colonel Katsuragi!
I am the commanding officer here.  I will make the decisions.
Furthermore, it is my duty to annihilate the Angels.
Duty?  Don't you mean grudge?
You want revenge against the Angels.
What?!
We're gonna stop it with our hands?
That's right.
You're going to directly stop the incoming Angel by maximizing your A.T. fields.
The target is distorting any information on its position,
so we cannot count on estimates based on optical observations.
So that we can respond to the situation and cover all sides,
this strategy will involve the
simultaneous launch of all three EVAs.
There's no need!
I can annihilate the Angel by myself!
That's not possible.
The predicted area of impact cannot be covered by a single EVA unit.
What is the basis for this plan?
Woman's intuition.
What a shot in the dark!
Umm... likelihood of success?
Only God would know that.
Hmph!  That's why the other EVAs would only get in the way!
I by myself am fully capable of saving mankind!
This operation does not rest on the outcomes of single combat.
Does that mean you disapprove of my ability?
That's not it.
I simply need the strength of all three of you.
In order to achieve a miracle.
All EVAs are being powered externally.
No problems with the power sources.
Connection with the New Gotenba substation complete.
Initiating insertion.
The external power supply of
Unit 00 has exceeded 105 percent.
Attaching backup power extension cables.
Squad 8, please hurry with the attachment.
Unit 01 connector link checked.  No problems.
All pilots are on standby.
Breathing rates and heart rates are at normal levels.
No problems in the final medical examinations.
Inside the EVA...
I wonder why?  I'm surprisingly calm at times like this.
Has piloting become natural to me?
I wonder why?
It feels familiar.
A scent?
The scent of my mother?
Ayanami's scent?
Currently estimating the trajectory of the target.  Input variables...
Here it comes.
All EVA units, starting positions.
Because secondary data won't be reliable, you will all be operating on your own.
Everything depends on the three of you, and the EVAs you pilot.
Target is approaching.  Distance: 20,000 meters!
Well.
Begin the operation.
Launch!
The target's A.T. field type has changed.
Its trajectory has shifted!
Estimated impact point, revised to 205.
Target is accelerating!
What's this?!  It's much faster than was estimated!
No good, I can't make it!
I'll do something about it.
Misato-san!
Form an emergency course, 605 to 675.
Roger!
Next, 1027 to 1078!
Standby!
The target has transformed!  Distance: 12,000 meters.
A.T. field, full power!
Daddy's boy!
Unit 02, the core.
I know!
Don't give me orders!
It came off?!
You just don't know when to give up!
30 seconds left.
Asuka, hurry!
I said I know!
The Commander's pet?!
Hurry...
Asuka!
Didn't I already say I know?!
One more!
Situation resolved.
Thank you, everyone.
Communication systems restored.
Incoming call from Commander Ikari.
Connect him.
I'm very sorry.
The three EVA units have been damaged under my command.
The pilots have also sustained injury.
I will assume all responsibility.
It's fine.
It is fortunate that you managed to stop the target with only this much damage.
Indeed.  Well done, Colonel Katsuragi.
Thank you, sir.
Connect me with the pilot of Unit 01.
Huh?
I heard about the situation.
Well done, Shinji.
Huh?  Yes.
Well then, Colonel Katsuragi.
I will leave the rest to you.
Yes, sir.
Recover the three EVA units.  Hurry.
Bring in Unit 01 first, to Emergency Cage 99.
I couldn't do anything... on my own.
Though it's always been normal for me to be alone...
Though being alone shouldn't bother me...
Huh, wha
Don't turn around.
Ah... o-okay.
Let me stay here just a little, Daddy's boy.
Umm, Shikinami-san?
During today's turmoil, you called me by my first name, didn't you?
As a treat, you can call me Asuka.
I'll also call you Idiot Shinji.
Well, umm...
Asuka, why do you pilot EVA?
That's a stupid question.
Just be quiet, Idiot Shinji.
O-Okay.
I pilot EVA for myself.
What about you?
I don't really know.
Are you stupid?
That's just running away from your responsibilities.
Maybe I want to be praised by my father.
He praised me for the first time in my life today.
I believe it's the first time praise has made me happy.
I wonder if my father finally approves of me.
Maybe it's just like Misato-san said.
You...
... really are
Alright, food, food!
It's the best thing 'bout being in school!
What?  You don't have our packed lunches with you?!
I was busy doing homework this morning, so I didn't have time to make it.
So, you're telling meithout food?!
Like I said, I'll make it tomorrow!
What's this?  Married couple quarrelin' again?
We're not married!
Asuka, lend me your facial cleanser.
Stop using mine, Misato!
Go buy your own!
Cheapskate!
Alright, food, food!
I'm diggin' in!
It's not that great today.
It's lost some flavor from his slacking off.
Umm, Asuka-san.
Hmm?
Can I eat with you?
You're welcome to, but I'm not sharing my lunch with you.
Here.
It seems like you never eat, so...
T-Thank you.
I'm glad I decided to ask to join you
Your name's Hikari?
You can have what's left.
Ah, I'm so full.
Thanks for the meal!
That's a pretty late lunch.
Thanks.
I heard Shinji-kun's been making your meals?
Well, you were never much of a cook.
Indeed.
Unlike you, I don't have much free time, with all this work I have to do as director.
You're hardworking, as usual.
Well, that's one of your qualities,
Katsuragi, but it's also a weakness.
I heard that you fell out with Ricchan a little while ago.
You shouldn't take things so seriously.
Unfortunately, my schedule is always full of obligations.
If you're too stressed, you won't get any guys.
That's none of your business
"Thank you".
Words of gratitude.
Words I've never used.
I've never said them to him...
Stand!
Bow!
Take your seats!
Ayanami's absent again?
Anyway.
She seemed fine yesterday.
I wonder what's wrong?
Just like me.
"Can't live anywhere but here".
What did she mean by that?
Rei.
Let's eat.
Yes.
Commander Ikari.
What is it?
Are meals fun?
Yeah.
Do you enjoy eating with others?
Yeah.
Does it make you happy to have food cooked for you?
Yeah.
Commander Ikari.
Next time, would you like to have a meal with Ikari-kun and the others?
No, I don't have the ti
Darling, please take care of Shinji.
Alright.  I will.
There are no abnormalities for all pilots in the synchronization test.
Degree of mental contamination not estimated.
Aah!
This is boring.
All we do is run tests when Angels aren't coming.
What a shame.
Isn't that a good thing?
We fight, hoping for calm days where Angels won't come.
Today's the same as yesterday.
And tomorrow will be the same as today.
An eulogy to the endless cycle of days.
If anything, it's a situation we should be thankful for.
Test is complete.
Results are good.
Good work.
The three of you can come out now.
I don't know if I should say this,
but the damage we've sustained could hinder our using them for further battles.
Why don't we just disregard the Vatican Treaty?
I'd like to.
The limit of three EVA units per country leaves us with no spare units to use.
Our current priority is to repair Unit 01.
We're barely managing this even though we're using all the spare parts we have,
so the prospect of repairing Unit 00 is grim.
The treaty involves the egos of each country.
Trying to revise it is close to impossible.
What's more, despite having lost Unit 05,
Europe and Russia are involving Asia in their various demands.
Things get more troublesome when politics is involved.
There's too much to be done before we can even get to saving mankind.
Outta the way!
Ouch...
My glasses...
Umm...
Ah, I'm sorry.
Are you alright?
Hello, Mari here.
Yes, I seem to have landed off-target.
It looks like I'm in a school of some sort.
What?
Well, you told me to enter into Japan covertly.
Can't you have your people work this out?
Just be there for my extraction later, okay?  Thanks.
You smell nice.
It's the smell of LCL.
You're interesting.
Well, don't tell anyone about this, NERV's puppy!
Huh?  Weird...
Yo!  Why don't we go on a date sometime?
But, I'm a guy.
No problem.
Gender has nothing to do with love.
Just kidding.
Here.
The scent of the earth...
Worn out already?
You're working for your salary, you know.
Salary?
You mean the canned coffee from earlier?
Ugh, you said this was a date...
I thought you were more serious than that, Kaji-san.
For an adult, being crafty is just about right.
Are these really watermelons?
Yeah.  Aren't they cute?
It's my hobby.
To create and grow something is a great thing.
You can see all sorts of things, and learn from them.
Fun things, for instance.
Painful things too, right?
You dislike painful things?
I don't like them.
Have you found something you enjoy doing?
That's fine too.
However, only people who understand pain know how to be kind to others.
It's different from being weak.
Do you like Katsuragi?
Misato-san?  Well, uh...
I don't dislike her.
Protect Katsuragi for me.
It's not something I can do.
It's something only you can do.
Please.
Good morning.
Ayanami?!
She greeted us?
Ayanami, of all people?
Ayanami, are you okay now?
Yes, I'm fine today.
What happened to your hand?
Dr. Akagi bandaged it for me earlier.
What did she do to you?
Secret.
I'll tell you once I get a little better at speaking.
Rei's really changed.
She has.
It's unbelievable that the girl would do things for the sake of others.
I wonder why?
Isn't it... love?
Come on!  That's impossible.
Idiot Shinji would probably like it a little milder, I guess...
I'm home!
Huh, Misato?
You're home early.
Yeah.  I have to go right back to Headquarters, though.
I'm just back to take a bath and change my clothes.
Oh my, what's this?
So you're cooking for Shin-chan too, Asuka?
I'm not!
It's, uh, for a girl...
Yeah, it's for Hikari!
Pfft, what's with both you and Rei
getting all romantic all of a sudden?
Hey, don't put me together with that pet!
You're right.  Rei seems to planning something grander.
What do you mean?
She seems to want to be the Cupid that will bring Shin-chan closer to Commander Ikari.
Her strategy seems to be a meal party where she does the cooking.
Its straightforwardness might actually make it work.
Getting father and son back on good terms will require a lot of effort.
She's doing all this for Idiot Shinji?
It's meant to be a surprise for
Shin-chan, so don't let him know.
Of course I won't say anything!
Annihilated?!
EVA Unit 04 and the Second Branch... annihilated?
This is data from T plus ten, ground zero.
That's horrible.
We were able to confirm the breaking down of an A.T. field from a satellite,
but the exact details are unknown.
So Unit 04 was the epicenter.
Are our own EVA units fine?
Unit 04 was
Unit 04 was a testbed model with a new internals designed to tackle problems with operation time length.
Or so it seems.
The North American developmental details are not fully open, even for Dr. Akagi.
And those who do
EVA Unit 04.
A test unit used to obtain developmental data for the next generation of EVAs.
It's not surprising that something would happen.
However...
Was it really an accident?
Ma'am, I'll take three!
How rare of you to treat us, Touji.
I didn't think that you'd let me treat ya to a snack with us, either.
You should just be honest and say that it's because your sister's health is improving.
Shaddup!  Ya didn't havta say that much, moron!
Hey, Ikari.
Hmm?
I heard Unit 03 is coming to Japan?
Really?  I didn't know that.
There are rumors that the US is forcing Japan to perform the activation experiments.
Well, it's not information that you pilots would need.
But man, I wonder who will pilot it?
I don't know, I never heard anything.
Man, how nice it is to be a pilot!
I wonder if they'll let me become one?
Bugging me won't do anything,
Misato-san's the one who decides...
Tch, I didn't win anything.
We recently lost Evangelion Unit 05.
Now, we've also lost Unit 04.
The loss of both units will be a setback to the advancement of the project...
It is within the scope of amendment.
There won't be any problems.
The US government is imploring you to take Unit 03.
The government of your country has also been cooperative.
It's a state-of-the-art weapon.
It'll serve your fighting needs nicely.
We are in the process of eliminating the Angels even now.
I do not have enough faith in an untested unit.
If you could approve an increased budget to repair Unit 00
The role of the prototype model will soon end.
We don't need it.
Indeed, there are other matters that should be prioritized.
The true Evangelion we desire.
Its birth and Lilith's resurrection will signify the time of our covenant.
We must perform the necessary rituals before then.
For the Human Instrumentality Project.
I understand.
It will all go according to your plan, SEELE.
The true Evangelion...
So, the purpose of the current units, including Unit 01, is to pave the way for its completion.
And is that Mark. 06?
So it's not false gods they want to create, but a true God at last?
Yes.
We must hasten the awakening of Unit 01.
EVA Unit 02's core unit separation complete.
Why is my Unit 02 being sealed?!
You know about the Vatican Treaty, don't you?
This is the condition for our receiving Unit 03.
Why don't you seal the damaged Unit 00 instead?!
The pass for Unit 02 is still being held by Europe.
There's nothing we can do about this.
Currently, its pilot has also been suspended.
Please behave yourself until we receive further notice from Europe.
Even though no one can pilot it but me?
EVA are combat weapons.
We have backups for everything.
Including the pilots.
But...
But it's the only place in the world for me...
EVA is a mirror that reflects your heart.
What was that?
You shouldn't rely on EVA.
There is happiness to be found outside of piloting them.
Don't you lecture me, you're just a pet!
I'm a prodigy, and I was chosen to pilot EVA due to my own merits!
Unlike you both, who got to pilot only because of connections!
I'm simply bonded to it.
I'm unable to bond to people without EVA.
Shut up!
You were only favored because you're a good doll who does whatever Commander Ikari wants!
I'm not a doll.
You're a doll!
Know a little more about yourself!
Hmph.  You've got some nerve for a doll.
Let me ask you just one thing.
How do you feel about that idiot?
Idiot?
I'm obviously talking about that idiot Shinji!
Ikari-kun?
Well?
I don't really know.
This is what I hate about the Japanese!
Make yourself clear already!
I don't know.
But, being with Ikari-kun makes me warm and content.
I want Ikari-kun to feel warm and content, too.
I want him to get along with Commander Ikari and feel warm and content, I think.
I understand.
You really are an ultra idiot beyond help!
That means you're in love with him!
Man, I'm looking forward to the meal party.
Though, I wonder if Ayanami's cooking will be okay.
It'd be nice if Father could come.
The first unmanned solo Dummy System test will commence at Cage 7...
So that's the Dummy System.
