Dawn breaks, which is no small thing
Long life the saint Sargent!
Long life the magnificent and inspired
being!
(sighs)
Don't you think Mr. Andres, that I could get drunk with something else..
You should know that it is a sin.
... besides, you cost us a fortune.
Because the nuns have set a price that... I shit on those nuns!
Don't say those things Father
I say without meaning it, Son
I don't think there will be enough to consecrate
Yeeh.. if there is a few left is enough
...we are theologically backed-up
But the poverty image that we'll give...
The faithful will think that we save the collection money
Go and have look, see how it is...
Totally crowded, as every day
We'll perform in full local
oh.. Hi "agricultor"! (American accent)
we .. are.. young.. students
from Ethan university
and we are preparing ourselves to be future leaders
..who will execute the absolute power
..you, old agricultor, do you know if the priest...
..will let us in to see the Holy Mass celebration?
.. what a pity!
I can't answer you!
I am a very primary man!
I am terribly attached to passions
I barely think
Anything I tell you would be nonsense
What I mostly do is ...
Always with whores, of course
I also drink a bit
oh, I think he is an admirable priest!..
because the people is fervent with him, he's an admirable priest!
And what a talent to give Mass!!
In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritūs Sancti. Amen
entro altare dei..
What are you, American?
oh, yes Sir
and how are the politics there?
hey, you love me?
what? what do you say?
Do you love me?!
..oh man.. Father, don't fuck around..
..well, it is not that it's very important..
..alright, go, go..
latin praying continues
(whispering)
..see the Host elevation he executes!
(cheering)
There's none here!!
..or they are all son of bitches, I understand..
..because they could be some son of bitches that they play ghost
For sure this is the village that Pepe told us, Father
shit!
Let's go and see
Look! A military police that chases himself!
I don't even reach to receive communion
shit Father! look, now a black!
let me do, let me do
Good morning!
My name is Jimmy
Do you speak Spanish?
Is the only thing I talk
Good morning. I am Jimmy, and my son, Teodoro
I am NgenDomo
My son is engineer and gives lectures in Oklahoma
He came for a sabbatical year
You know what it is?
Work 6 years and rest 1
I am his manager
Nice to meet you. And how are the colleagues in Oklahoma?
Do they keep with the cotton?
Well, I am very focused in the University
And I wouldn't know what to tell you, to be honest.
But you, Ngé, where are you from?
I was born here, in this village
But are we in a black village?
Certainly not!
I am the only black here.
I inheritated from my father the name, the race and the accent
And from my mother the two surnames and the born place
And I also have a good appetite, like her
And where is the rest of the people?
Oh, in church.
Ah, is it today Sunday?
No, no, no.. but we go everyday to church.
It doesn't have to be Sunday.
I don't go because I'm catechumen. They don't let me in.
No communion nor anything!
Do you think that any knowledge we can get now at school
will be of a rank lesser to the spiritual assets we had been provided at church?
Probably yes
Italian singing
There comes your suitor
It is not possible, son, that you are in daylight taking the arm of another's woman
Like a pagan!
And then you complain that you have been 30 years of catechumen..
If you continue like this you'll never come to church!
That's not the reason for which I don't come to church, mother
I don't come in because I am black!
You are "etnic minority"
Etnic minority and black like coal
Alvarez! It looks like your kid's skin is getting lighter!
I am not so sure..
.. maybe in the palms of the hands and feet
..because in the rest of the body..
if you see his groins!
italian singing continues
with you Garciluño, we don't really know what to do..
..fertilizing or watering, it doesn't make a difference
you don't wanna grow, and you don't grow!
Good morning kids
Good morning professor
Good morning! good morning, strong-legs Jaime..
Come on, come on girls!
Glad to see you Mari Carmen. Beautiful daughter of a wonderful mother
Come on boys, hurry up
Hello Rafaelito!
Fast with the slingshot!
Come on boys, hurry up, it's late..
morning, morning..
how did you sleep Sixto?
Theoric imagination!
How good teacher you are, Sir Roberto!
Rural, just rural, Elena
Anyway, you are a crybaby
'cause nowadays there's respect toward etnic minorities
Look at my behaviour with you during the coitus, for instance.
Uy, what an occurrence, Carmelo?!
How did you do that?
what?
To be back there and front here at the same time?
Ah, don't know, I must have splitted in two
It must be one of those things that we drunkards do without noticing
But that's very commendable!
Do you like it?
Yes
Do you want me to do it everyday?
I give very nice sexual performances to your wife
Teachers no! Teachers no!
They are from Ethan Father! from Ethan!
from Ethan Father!
so what?
Americans!
singing in Italian
Beating up it is a very synthetic scheme that it should not be used too much
And use it properly.
Almost in a poetic way, I'd say
waz-waz!.. like something prodigious
You get me?
Sure man!
Of course I get you.
Good morning!
You come a bit late today, eh?
Come on, come on..
You come with me..
all in the same queue!
Here I bring you the first one
You wake up early for your vice, eh granpa?
You don't rush that much when you go to work in the fields..
Of course I do! Never been late to my field!
Now... my virtues for agriculture are disappearing..
but i like a lot typewriting..
almost as much as drinking anisette..
,,or going on whores!
the thing is that there are fewer opportunities
What's up?!
You have a man growing in the middle of your field!
Bad luck!
You know what you have to do...
pull it up and transplant it
He can die in the process, but..
otherwise you are lost.
You have no idea how much a man can suck!!
He dries your land
How could I pull him up?
I pity him, he's so gorgeous!
It doesn't matter. You gotta pull him up.
And better now that he still can't speak.
Afterwards will be worse
And the rhyzome gets bigger
The rhyzome of the replanted it's like the common delirium
Are you already drunk?
Pour him another one
And now?
Much better
So, see you tomorrow!
Next one!
How beautiful she sings!
Good morning! Do you know where can they host us here?
There is no cottage, eh?!
Here we only have private dwellings
Then what?
And it won't be easy!
Because this is a very cult village!
With greatly valuable peculiarities and a very diverse folklore
But very closed people... we are afraid of strangers!
You know, for what could happen to our women!!..
Careful. My son is engineer and a teacher in Oklahoma
I think that I will take my dick out
Shut up everyone! I will make a public announcement!
Shut up for once, I said!!
On behalf of Sir the Priest...
... shall you know that God is one and trinity
(applauses)
I exchange you the role
what?
I exchange you my role with yours
Yeah, sure. I took all the engineer degree, I get an amazing position in Oklahoma..
..and now you get my role to clean your ass with it
c'mon.. don't fuck with me..
In the human body
there is something that is sensational
coz day and night
works non-stop
it is not a machine nor an engine!
it is just an organ
its name is "heart"
Hallelujah!! its name is heart!
Hallelujah!! its name is heart!
Our blood is red
if it would stop
after a few hours black it would turn
if you are playing
or studying you are up to fall asleep
the heart will never stop to beat!
causes admiration
causes admiration
the way that the heart works! (bis)
with its two ventricles and its two auricles
the blood rides like the evil in the movies
if one day stops beating
get ready, you are close to die
what a complication
what a complication
if your heart stops beating! (bis)
tipi-top-tip-top... the heart beats
carotid artery, nithal valve..
intraventricular fluid, tricuspidean valve
right auricle, descendent aort, supreme artery
what are all these people doing here?
I don't know father, I don't know
It must be something big!
Damn!
This time I go first! Can I go first?
Mr Professor, shall we start now?
Calm, calm... I will tell when
This time he brings an outstanding girl!
Very nice people that you have, Mayor!
Very healthy, very healthy
she's so hot!
Long life the municipal, par excellence!
viva!!
Long life our Mr. Mayor!!
viva!!
in this land of flowers, lights and love
Long life Saint Audelio, St. Agueda and St. Lucas the evangelist!
why do you shout that?
I don't know man, it just came to me like that
Let's start over again, eh?
Long life the municipal, par excellence!
viva!
Long life Mr Mayor!
viva!!
Long life the amazing girl he brings with him!!
viva!!
you shut up!
we want the girl to be communal!!
That's it!
And turgid!
She's already turgid!
And turgid!!
She's already turgid you idiot!
Mayor! We are all contingent, but you are necessary!
Oh my god! they are exaggerating a bit, ain't they?
it is too much!!
Mr Mayor, can u give us an order service..?
Listen, you Americans  don't fuck with me too, alright?
children chorus continues
The only thing I'm saying is that you are getting dignified
well, if it only was in some specific dates..
..but he likes it and he wants a welcoming every time he comes back from the city!
Twice this month
You can say whatever you want but better have a Mayor on your side rather than against
How can he be against?
He doesn't dare.
The military police doesn't come out for the welcoming either
We have agreed upon it
Even worse! Let him think that we wanna start a religious war..
.. and we are screwed.
How vulgar are you uncle?!
Don't you see we are eating?
By the way, when you are fasting like that for the poor..
..like today, how do they notice?
Through the Mystic Body fo Christ
I see
Wouldn't it be better to give to the poor your leftovers?
That's, say, another issue.
That is the Holy Alms
I see
This morning I publicly announced what you told me
That thing of God being one and trinity
I think none understood what really meant
For that reason we have Faith, father.
.. I think you are plain hard-faced and brazens
What an atrocity!
What happened?
I don't know... a stupid thing
I was thinking on that girl, the Mayor brought
and suddenly my ass back-fired
don't know, something psycho-somatic
like when the mystic get stigmas and wounds..
Good afternoon!
What, going to yours?
There I go
Good luck then!
Good afternoon
(mumbling)
Pumpkin... another day is over, and as every afternoon I want to say good bye
I want to say good-bye and thank you for staying here with us
You, the one that could be on the table of the rich and powerful
..you have chosen this humble field of an old man
to give example to the world
I cannot forget that in the most difficult times of my life
..when my sister got pregnant by the black guy..
..or when they tear the balls off my ferret..
only you were listening to my groans
enlightening my way
Pumpkin... I carry you in my heart
I can't host you
what annoys me is the fact that I might be wrong
You understand me?
Yes, we understand you
That is, I am still concerned about the theoretic aspect of this matter
See what I mean?
Yes, we see. But look, you could solve this by hosting us!
It would be worse!
I'd then doubt whether I do well hosting you...
Besides, I'd suffer the problem in a more intense way
with you around all day!
No, no.. sorry but not
My son, you maybe could have intervened, couldn't you?
..because this is a discussion of a certain level!
and you work in a university!
Yes, but it was a human-science discussion, father
..and there I can easily make a mistake
Look, in US there are sometimes incredible problems among universities
really serious, death-life matters
I never intervened
I am actually famous because I never intervene
italian singing continues
Morencos, Morencos! When are you gonna pay attention to me?
You have me abandoned!
Today I cannot, Garciluño.
I burnt my ass
Look, look..
Thepn go home and read "Virtues and disgraces of the eye" by Quevedo
and you'll see how it releases you
don't you think, I also have my own pains
I'll come Garciluño, I'll come
Come tomorrow! and bring something of Góngora!
I have Góngora-body!
Make me the favour!
I am growing well though! 4 days and i'm off!
Unless you become parched, like me
I don't really like those guys riding their bikes
Neither do I. I like more when they smell good.
When they smell like angel loin
Because this of riding the bike... I see it more artificial
It'd be worse if they levitated, like in Aina.
Where?
In Aina. A village in the mountains of Albacete where I was serving
There the exiled of politics, they levitated like 15 inches..
That's dangerous! They can fall on you!
Or shit on you, like the birds. It already happened sometimes
And you, when did your father tell you that you can go on the carrousel?
When I'm 29
Like me
It's been a long time that I don't sleep with your father..
strange, coz he loves the whores
He's dying
Ah, it must be that then
I love women. I am a big fan, but in a contended way.
And from music, I always loved the bass drum
Listen, those south-americans, that sometimes go on bikes, sometimes smell good
..they are exiled, of what?
of politics
It can't be.
It cannot be?
No, it can't be, no!! what's up?
You wanna get smacked in the face?
You know what? Business has prevented me from being an man of action
And I didn't miss the weapons!
But having my own business has prevented me..
Did the King command to him
some orchads should he fetch
and safe storage gave
for a treasony he did
in the palace of the King
Him was forcing a mademoiselle
of name Isabelle
Seven years was he in emprisonned
without even remembering him being in jail
One Sunday being in Church
the memory of the man his mind flashed
Fuck. That's very beautiful shit.
And how antique!
Son! son!
Every afternoon the same thing...
Health of my life!
I'm coming mother!
And all to make themselves valuable.. They well know that we are OK
Meat of my heart!!
Son of my life, of my soul, of my guts!!
Bouf, mine is one of the most exaggerated ones, indeed.
Don't you shout so much, mother!
Your belly button will come out!
He's dying brilliantly, I swear
I wanted you to come around to tell you.
You can be proud, seriously.
In all my years as doctor, I have never seen anyone dying as good your father is doing.
How he's passing out! How his soul is fading! so solemn!
I am enjoying so much, you cannot imagine.
Is he suffering?
Certainly.
Don't you see that his life slips away?
Mother! Here there's a man that wants to talk to you!
You have a really wonderful garden.
Do you water it yourself?
It depends. Some periods we don't care at all.
We leave it to be spoiled.
Good evening!
I would like to talk you about Dostoievsky!
Ah, very nice, it'll be a pleasure!
I'll be right there in 2 secs!
This must have been, that I took it so willing, that it immediately worked out
You can say whatever you want, Ms Remedios
But it is not normal that just after 10 mins of finishing... you give birth!!
It is not. But it is not normal either that I have enjoyed this for the first time at my age.
Everything is very weird. I don't know what is your husband gonna say, a man of science
Even if he is a doctor, you'll see that the only thing he'll care about will be how to feed us two.
He doesn't have any scientific curiosity.
Imagine, a prize for anyone else.
This prodigy that we have created...
Kill me!!
Kill me, for God shake!!
Do you remember if I gave you the thing from last friday?
I think so. It was an with vaginal penetration.
What I can't remember is if it had been a satisfactory or non-satisfactory.
Satisfactory, satisfactory
She always notes them down as satisfactory..
So what? Is there any wrong in it?
No darling! It is very good!!
That's why you should tell us who is it.
Yes. In your face.
che, che, che.. (argentinan accent)
if you are going to fight I am off
It is OK that I stay at every meeting you make, so you have a man to laugh at
..but if you are going to fight, I am off
Today they are waiting for me
What shall we do then? Do we laugh now?
Ah, yes, yes... that would be nice.
Another day I'll stay longer
(women laughing).. you are all useless!!
Eccentrics! Bizarres!!... Assholes!!
As I had that blister in the ass, I passed by the doctor's so he could have a look
But he wasn't there
He was with my father, that he died.
Ah, it must have been that.
The thing is that his wife insisted on sewing the hole in the trousers.
And when she saw me naked
remark that the underwear, as they were blue nylon
with the fire flash.. zouf! disappeared in 1sec
..so when I removed my trousers I was bare naked.
And she started touching me..
..so skillfull! what a bitch!!
Anyway, I got excited
and I was still afraid of burning again, I couldn't say no..
..so we laid for a while.. but enough
ouf!.. she was bellowing, roaring! so receptive!
the minimum movement of my pelvis, acted upon her like a hook in her most arcane sensitivity
Well, after 10 mins I stood up and went to piss..
..and she started giving birth like a rabbit!! 2 kids she brought, twins!
Was she pregnant?
What the fuck, pregnant?! no way!!
They were MY kids!!.. after 10 mins, twins!!
You spoiled the day of the doctor.. He was so happy to witness the wonderful death of my father
But of course, with this news..
Who was gonna think this?
I have slept with so many women, and never happened such a thing!
Maybe, as she is so old..
My father..
She says that it's because she had a great time
That it was the first time she was actually enjoying so much, that the kids came so fast
Today the women were revolted.
Take man, the novel, I finished it.
My day was also funny..
My ass burned
You need to read it immediately
I got excited thinking about the hot girl the Mayor brought
and got a back-fire in the ass
..I just finished it writing it, so it must be read right now
My father died
Did Pepe told you about this house, father?
No, no way!
Why did you mention Dostoievsky?
Oh, I don't really know, truth said
..but look, thanks to that silly thing we'll sleep under shelter
What do you think?
I assume that you will respect me, eh Teodoro?
But what kind of nasty things are you thinking of, father?!?
just making sure.. a man in the bed is always a man
bah..
stay still!
..how beautiful is all this?
the goats all there still.. and my prophile here, like a Masai
none is coming to see me..
Ngé!! Ngé!!
You brought again the goats, fucker?
..we... are..with you..
to see how you do what follows..
in these following moments
I believe it's wrong
It's the same
Will you let me read the novel?
No, I will not.
Are you an intellectual?
So what do you want it for?
To read it unproperly and to spoil it?
The novel is not going to change because of me..
really? It's gonna be the first spoiled novel for wrong reading
I never heard..
Because you are not an intellectual!!
..we like it very much the way..
and manner you discussed the discussion
you know, and everyone has admired it, you know..
the way.. because it has been very natural..
you know.. and the pauses. you know, very good
and the tone, is very good too.. oh, yes
I don't understand anything
Didn't your father died this afternoon?
Yes, a while ago
And what are you doing that you don't hold a wake over him?
No,no,no.. better leave him alone
I say it for shame.
If I was dead I'd be ashamed having all my relatives and friends staring at me
and me, dead.
So? what do you think?
Exceptional
Now we will not interrupt or anything
...for due respect to your talking
But don't be an asshole, man, don't fuck me, keep your mouth shut!
oh.. now..  we young students shut...
for respect of your speaking
Well, tell me, what do you think of it?
Exceptional
Exceptional, I told you!
Really?
Well, you know that better than me..
It's not the same, because sometimes the author
The author?
I told you, when you asked me permission to be a writer in the village
That would be better to do as other south-americans
..that some days they go on the bikes, and other they smell good
Those are things that visually nice, don't bother none and don't create turmoil
But it seems that what you really like is precisely
.. the extravagant things and the scandals
To start with, you married Padintona, who had married 3 times
..when there were many that had never married
You could have chosen
After, you bought an awful hat
and you wear it all the winter
A hat that nobody liked. I know it because I had spoken it with everyone.
Ask, ask around if you wish!
None liked that hat!
And now, to finish with, these friends tell me that you've written
"Light in August"
A novel by Faulkner. William Faulkner!
And... couldn't you plagiarize another one?
Don't you know that in this village we have true devotion to Faulkner?
Well.. Faulkner and I...
you know.. we are both Americans..
Fuck, Bruno, don't be cynic!
Your novel is word-by-word the translation "Light in August"
by Pedro Lecuona for Editorial Goianarte
And you? What are you talking?
Your ass burned this afternoon because of a woman
Do you get many cases like this.. of intellectuals?
You well know that I like you to have them confessed before arresting them
this way, the soul-issue is at least solved for them
So, this one I confess him for Faulkner's plagiarism
..couldn't you choose another one?
Are you going to arrest these two as well?
No. Get Morencos confessed, because it seems that he has overlooked the 6th (commandment)
In thought and action
With outstanding results.
What silly things have you done, son?
Lot of naughty things?
clumsy touches..
some frictioning..
Uncle!
What happened?
Nothing. The sargent has brought Bruno and Morencos to Andres so he can confess them
Seems that the Argentinan has plagiarized Faulkner!
Seriously?
Yes, and Morencos got his ass burnt while thinking of a woman
..because of the passion, apparently
And then he went to sleep with another one!
In any case, in order to tell me this..
..you didn't have to come into my bed
Oh, so stupid! It is true!
Well, now that I am already here...
I once fell in love, Mr Alonso
And worked out very well
A very nice experience
Anyway, you know how exaggerated is love
a tempting and pleasant pathology many times but...
it always leaves it bile dregs.
It is true, that it always leaves bile dregs
Well, let's not make an assembly now about the topic, ok?
Oh, not of course, sorry
One has to overcome certain ..accidents
certain dialectal disturbances in the flowing of sharing life with the beloved person
oh.. sorry, just a moment exclusively..
you know.. you talk a dick well..
really.. a dick well
oh, you can follow
I don't want to remember you the poems of Pedro Salinas..
heterosexually speaking
or those of Cavafis, from a homosexual view point
You the Doctors can be spot out
a humanistic formation...
well above the average of other scientists..
I shit on all your deads
I shit on all your deads, one-by-one
you're really bugging me, Holy Mother..
What have I done to you, can I know?
Nothing! They avoid me!
They keep avoiding me!
Some day a disgrace will occur!
For avoiding me, some will go off the road
..and he is the one to be killed
See, what effort would it take to them..
following straight and run over me!
well, no way! they avoid me!
you know, it's probable, the possibility..
that the good missionary will not respond to your conversation..
you know, because the inebriated doctor has insulted him
of many words.. so little ago
Father...
Father!
are you sleeping father?
eh?
are you sleeping?
no, not at all son
I remember mother, father
no, but... don't you like the motorbike I bought you?
Yeh, the motorbike is amazing but it has nothing to do
do you remember what I was telling you both in the letters?
I was saying: "I really want to see you both when I come back"
to both I was saying!
mother and you!
and I come back
..you have killed her!
Why did you kill her father?
Because she was very bad
c'mon father
it is very hard to tell it to a son
but your mother was very bad
I waited until you were grown up
and until you had a nice position
but now that you have this position in Oklahoma
what do you want your mother for?
I don't know.. but I have all the sabbatical year in front
with nothing to do..
That's why a motorbike is better!
A motorbike with sidecar, to travel around!
because you've been always in Oklahoma..
Well, then see you tomorrow!
I will come by again
But... do you like the scape I create together with the goats?
But of course! They are very beautiful
Very particular..
I tell it to you because, this way, you won't waste your trip every night
Don't worry man, don't worry.. Tomorrow I'll come for you
Excuse me for bothering, but I don't see any other solution
See you tomorrow
See you tomorrow.. and have a nice rest
Father , father! ...throw me the keys!
If you'd leave the key in the door I wouldn't have to wake you up every night
I think that it's time now, that I'm already 40 years old
But.. uncle Pedro doesn't want to
Look, I've told him 20 times and he doesn't want to
you know, he's very stubborn
Besides, I don't mind you waking me up..
Fuck!! the black guy!!!
Damn my name!
Will he never get used to it?!?
Does he have to jump and run away every time he sees me?
Your uncle is a peasant, Ngé...
You shouldn't take his reactions very seriously..
But it's been 40 years living together!
At his age, if he hasn't accepted it yet, he cannot accept it, let's be honest
How can't I get angry, can you explain?!
How won't I get angry?!
It's not that bad, Mayor!
That is not so bad?! ..That is not so bad?!?!
You are young!! And you still have long life in front!
And then, the work that it took me to find her..
But do you have any clue how tough it is to find such a woman?!
A woman that's also clean and prudent?!
What do you know!?!
You are all exaggerating, because..
why didn't you let the Mayor and I fix our things?
..without making him angry and blue..
afterwards, with time, we would have all become friends
Fuck Susana, don't come now with hints!..
Don't put it Rocio.. I'm sure he's not a sleepwalker
He does it to humilliate us
"I'm sure, I'm sure.."
What if he has a piss in the living room?
Who's gonna clean it, ehm?
What a night you are giving us!!
Sargent Gutierrez!!
Sargent Gutierrez!!
Come!!
The Mayor has hanged himself
What?!
He hanged himself
Was he angry because the priest and I didn't come out to welcome him?!
Nah.. I don't think that he even realized
Did you tell this to the priest?
No
I don't think it has to do with you two
What bothers him is that they want to take from him an impressive woman he brought
Ugly matter
Another good reason to warn the priest
Because you are a sleepwalker, ain't you?
I'm going for a walk around the Town Hall
No my son.. I appreciate it
I know you do it so I am not alone
Loneliness is a bad thing, Mr. Mayor
Unless you are bothered because I am black
For sure not! what an atrocity!
Wasn't Jesus Christ in the Golgota nailed between two thieves?
Moreover, today there's an impressive respect toward etnic minorities
I am surprised that you want to hang yourself with me
You don't miss anything here in our village!
You even have a very beautiful girlfriend!
And white!
As you know Gabriela is married to Carmelo, the drunkard
due to the alcohol, or to psychological-inhibition causes
He has an extraordinary impotence
But as the priest understands that the situation might be reversible
He doesn't cancel the marriage, so we can legalize our situation
Do you have tobacco?
The black guy has also hanged himself
No, not the black guy
It was the Mayor
So the black
No man... don't be annoying
I just came from there
It was the Mayor hanging himself
And the black guy!
I know it!
but who told you?
Me, that I have noticed
You have noticed?
Yeees.. things that occur to me
Don't you remember about the mystic body of Christ, do you?
Look Mr Andres
Me, I forget the church things..
I remember a lot Spain's history
but a lot
Moreover, I think I always have in mind Spain's history
but..
the church things I forget
So, you think that I shouldn't come in and make myself worthy in front of my wife
but you already lost her, Carmelo..
As long as you suffer from "coeundi" impotence
That's easy to say
But she's my legitimate wife, and I am playing a huge role
If I were you
even though this is a way of speaking
because I am not, and never will be, in your situation,
God willing
I'd apply the principle:
"enemy that runs away, silver bridge"
No man... also silver bridge?!
Listen, listen.. go and have a look
Go to the church and keep an eye in your other-self
I left him in the sacristy holding the demijohn
and tomorrow I won't be able to find a drop of wine to consecrate
It doesn't surprise me. I know him very well
In exchange Mr. Andres... will you keep an eye on Gabriela?
she's there with her lover and she can leave my honour..
..like a shit.
I will take a look at that, don't worry
Hasn't the Mayor hanged himself because we didn't welcome him?
No. It looks like he hanged himself because...
the young men want the girl he brought to be of communal
When I saw her I said: "what a pussy!"

..because I understood from the reaction of the young men
that the girl is a busty knockout
I was thinking for myself
I didn't externalize it, that is..
so the "what a pussy!"
as the "busty knockout"
was for myself
and afterwards I didn't want to intercede
because the first thing I thought
was the topic of "free will"
well, the "free will" topic
in this case is the "chip off the old block"
Isn't it?
How beautiful is that topic!
Inside the military police we cannot use it practically
every good will in command's first steps
when you reach the level of Lieutenant Colonel
the things go in such a way that, not "free will" nor anything!
They get stuck in "these are the orders, blabla.."
And you cannot get them out of there
It's a pity
But I warn you, with ours it's the same story
Better not let an archbishop know that you are going around...
..a bit flexible with the "free will" thing
You'd be over
There's no trust anymore, no trust anymore..
Because the "free will"
if you use it properly it is not dangerous at all!
But, if you are a fool with an empty skull.. right?
of course, those like that..
they're first ones going out with women
(whispering) It's the most powerful vice
Even if they dress us all with these cassocks..
that look like skirts
so we get fed up of seeing them and don't get distracted afterwards..
But of course, the vicious, the real vicious..
..aaah.. that thing in the down part.. you get me?
Yeh.. you mean the sex
the femenine sex?
Exactly
which presents an enormous attraction
from the vice point of view
With an impressive efficiency!
In which sense?
You. Think about the hens.
Yes..
Get down Mr Mayor
You are being ridicoulous..
Don't listen to them! will we Ngé?
Not at all
In such a worrying situation Mayor, I have the pleasure to dedicate you some Fandangos
I didn't have where to sit down..
so I sit down on a rock
I didn't have where to sit down
the rock when seeing me, so poor
it broke not to bear with me
ay! poor of the men, so poor..
And now I'm off. My horses are colting.
Where part of Andalusia are you from?
No, I'm from Santander
I just have this funny way of speaking
So, as I was telling you..
the colleagues in Harlem, the have other means..
another infrastructure
Here, for instance, I can be illegal
but if I wanted to be clandestine
it would be tough
Do you understand the nuance?
And why do you want to be clandestine?
I am not saying that I want to!
I say if I'd like to
Look what a nice jersey that I am doing for you, Ngé
so joyful
Do you want it short, Mambo-like?
Or normal length?
I don't mind
But if you see in a while that gets chili, put it over my shoulders
So, get down from there!
..if you want a help of facts or massacre..
I said both of you down!
I will not say it again!
And if I don't want to?
This man is the civil authority..
let's not mix the things!
Down I said, for fuck's sake! (81' Tejero's coup-d'état scene)
pay attention! tan-tan..
the right distance between hands..
not so much, not so little
If you're not taking notes how will you remember afterwards?!
I'm depressed, leave me alone!
Don't worry my daughter, don't be afraid!
We have all passed it
The only thing it means is that you are now a woman
If your father saw you now, may he rest in peace
..how would have he enjoyed!
We're gonna be late to the Mass
I don't feel like, mother
Mine was never arrested until now
I am not used to it
That's why I tell you, when they catch Ngé with the goats
either they keep him or free him immediately
In the beginning they'd take him to the police station
but now not even that
of course, it's not the same to take the goats to the forest
to make nice scapes
or plagiarize Faulkner
how nice it smells today, like Angel's loin!
smell daughter, smell!
No, mother, no.. I'm not in the mood!
ogh, girl.. you are so dull.. so childish Adelaida!
but don't you know about "free me God..
..of physical diseases; I will take care of the spiritual ones"?
The problem is that you lack character, virility..!
Go and take a walk with your damn depression!
(in French) Good morning Sir, is this the house of Sir Andres?
(in French) Yes Sir, good morning
Can we enter?
Oh, it's complex today.. that side of that stranger
..we have dissidents from the files of the Soviet Army
..and the students of the Ethan University..
It's complex, Thomas..
But we are Belgian Catholic meteorologists!
Well... I don't give a shit.. It is formidable!
Yes, mainly from my point of view!
Exactly
So, can we enter?
No... But come in!
Fabiolà!.. Yes Fabiolà!..
Get out of my way!
After how you scared me yesterday and how you embarrased me in front of everyone!
Why did I embarrass you?
Because! .. I looked like just anyone else
There, with that Susan next to me, waiting for both of you to come down
And what's wrong with that?
Or are you embarrassed of waiting for a black guy?
Don't say nonsense!
You talk a lot about etnic minorities
but then you are ashamed of waiting for a black guy
Leave me alone!
For the coitus you want me!
And to dance Parachangó!
Tsch! Ngé!
I exchange you my role!
You are the most degradant and miserable thing on Earth!
The snakes would use the shadows!
You are not even black, how do you want to take my role?
Why do you walk in zig-zag, Mr Ngé?
Like this your way takes longer so you have more time to think where you are going, son
latin praying
(Russian singing)
It is not the right moment!
I like them better with their uniforms
Well... the uniform..
..but they are dissidents
They even have different faces, don't they?
Treason rots, corrodes and sharpens the features
as Cicerón of Catherine said
Did you say anything Miss?
Does your neck hurt?
No... not really. It's just a bit scratched.
I also have it scratched, but I also have pain in the throat
I will prepare you Mayor some very nice stuff from my village
(Russian singing-dancing)
They go like that ever after the consacration!
Paquito! come here!
Go and make a nice proclaim of yours
..those that I like so much
On behalf of the Mayor..
I let you know..
that we all should be in the square at noon
to make the speech
You could put the "speech" somewhere I say (the ass)
wait, wait... I'm just a rooster. At 12 there's Mass.
Elena.. thank you so much for not pulling me up
I know it's the tradition but..
I also know that when you have the rhyzome in the air..
any bad wind or the simple crap of a big fly
could send me with the deads
You don't have to listen to these people
Sometimes I think that it had been better to stay down there
however, when I see you I think it was worth it to grow
I'm gonna baptise you
As you say
It consists of pouring some water over your head
Yeh... the water will do good to me, to grow
I baptise you with the name of..
Mariano
Wha-what?! What Mariano?!?!
Like my granfather
Don't pester me!
I'd like to be called
Luis Enrique
I was thinking that I'd also like to be an intellectual
I have nothing to lose
Look at you. An agricultor like everyone else
With the same strength and accuracy
You are still a modest person
you've been 2-3 winters without getting sick
and you're able to do things like you did with the Doctor's wife
read novels without spoiling them
say "glans", "vesper", "paradigmatic"
I don't know boy, don't know..
but I just see advantages on this of being intellectual
Mainly now, that I am orphan
Then it's convenient to start with the "Dialectic materialism"
to start with the basics, you know..
Summarizing
You. What have you done?
Kill my wife
But that's an atrocity
No, Sir, not at all
Why?
Why did you kill her?
Because she was very bad
I hate saying it in fron of my son
But it's the truth
Do they know this in Madrid?
Of course! First thing I did after killing her
was to go to the Police station and told the officer:
"Sir, I killed my wife because she was very bad"
And what did he say?
Well, what do you want him to say?
An officer is always an officer, isn't it?
he said that I was too extreme
and that these things must be taken with calm
And he didn't arrest you?
No, he didn't.
It's a simple case. He well understood it.
Have you confessed this to a priest?
In the police station they didn't tell me anything about confessing..
Well, then I tell you
Mr. pin head!
But how can you be going around so calmly
with such a big sin on your conscience?
Don't you see that if you die you'll go straight to the ovens of Pedro Botero?
Oh, yes, you're right
but I hadn't realize
Don't worry, I'll go right now to confess
So nothing about arresting him?...
Well, I won't be "more Catholic than the Pope"!!
If he wasn't arrested in Madrid
will you not want me, to bite off more than one can chew
and try to ammend the sentence of those from the capital
I'm not one of those
I don't go around so conceited
And you, where do you give lectures?
In Oklahoma
In the US?
Yes Sir
And how are the politics there?
Messed-up, hum?
Are there many from "Opus (Dei)"?
Shut up!
Shut up a moment so you can hear me properly!
Do you remember what were we doing
the 24th of August of 1947?
So, let's do the same thing again!
You have killed the Belgians, Mayor!
Do flash-back!
Shut up! Come on!
As in 1947 they'd be in Belgium..
they must have gone there!
So serious people!
When we notice
like a while ago
that something is pushing us
to kick us out
we concentrate with the "ram technique"
that's also known as the "no go home"!
and we stay without going away
In 1947 I was a breastfeeding baby and my mother is dead!
I need something to suck from, Mayor!
I don't know if you get what I mean..
c'mon.. stop fooling around!
and do flash-back!
We want the girl, stop bullshiting around!
I don't want to get pissed... (bis)
Let me touch her to see if she's really turgid or not!!
It's too much woman for you, bragger!
Come on Mayor, don't get angry and let them take the girl!
You all wild beasts!! You'll regret it if you don't do flash-back... right now!!
This Mayor is "busting our balls"!
eh.. do yo say it like that? "Bust your balls"? (piss someone off)
cool!
We want the girl! (chorus)
in order to get wasted!
so she'll see
what's the real stuff!
No girl or anything!
And from now on I quit... and leave the sovereign people in charge of my position !
Tomorrow, general elections!
Did you hear me?!
But Mayor, have you gone nuts!?
We'll have to go on campaign
stick adverts
We are not so many!
If anyone wants to make campaign, let him do! This afternoon!
I don't want to see any posters though!
We all know well each other!!
so no posters!!
Eh you!
Come here, all of you!
I just got to know that tomorrow there are elections
well, if tomorrow there're elections, this afternoon at 7 there'll be praying
I want to see everyone here, in the door of the church
at 7 sharp
I won't say it again!
Tomorrow your father is going to vote, isn't he?
Bruno, don't get angry
You have no clue about the night I passed here inside
All the memories came to my mind
I was very close to confess to the walls of the jail
that I killed Perón
what do you want me to do?
It's very serious! You plagiarized Faulkner!
We had to ammend your extravagancies
I burnt the manuscript
and told your wife to throw away that horrible hat
that you were wearing during the whole winter
You may go now
You are free
Free?
You understand nothing!
It's years that I try to ride a bike!
I bought all the perfumes to the druggist
but nothing that resembles the Angel's loin..
I cannot ride 2 meters on the bike without falling
and can't smell like the rest of south-americans!
last night for instance
between dream and dream of humilliation
and torture.. I was riding in the air and the only thing I got clear is that
is these pins and needles in my legs
shit, Bruno
we didn't know
Besides, I married Pavinton for the money
Are you all blind? Can't you see?
I understand
I understand
Have you noticed?
Notice what?
We are occupying the village!
this village?!
I'm from the neighbour village, we are invading you
(chatting)
Here we leave you
behave, will you?
don't mess around!
They insisted and..
They don't bother us
We're happy to see them around
First point: elections
Second point: news
As you know, tomorrow we have elections
Following our tradition, we need to decide first
who's going for the "bitch" position
second, who's going for "adulterous"
third, if there's anyone going for "nun"
and fourth, if there's anyone interested in being a "butch woman"
So first, who's going for "bitch"?
Sorry, but it's a matter of order
are we also selecting the "prize idiot"?
because my brother is fed up with it
No, not this time.
It was the men, that got us involved on that
because they claimed that we are more sensitive
so we can better distiinguish the best idiot, the stooge
but this year it's their turn
we have enough with our own elections
I wanted to comment on another thing
I have a friend, who has a man growing in her field
and she doesn't know if..
in order to have relations with him
she needs an agreement of us all here
or there's freedom on this
this one is a plain slut!
I don't think we need an agreement
but it's important to know if there's a relation or not
It should be with agreement!
There're not so many men growing in the fields!
Let's leave these issues aside and follow the agenda
So, who's for the "bitch"?
Wanna go for it again, Mercedes?
I don't mind, it's been already 3 in a row
But if none wants it, I don't mind
Could you be interested, Merceditas?
..being the cousin of the priest..
I'm not sure if it's adequate..
It doesn't matter daughter!
It does! of course it does!
well, she'd be doing the same as she does now with her uncle, but getting paid for it
well, then if you don't oppose it, we'll cheerfully elect you, eh Mercedes?
For me it's OK. If men don't get bored of it..
You'll manage that..
so we elect you by popular acclaim
Second point: "adulterous"
I'd make here an exception
The military police's wifes shouldn't go for this
knowing the temper of those men..
I think it's too risky
No, we don't mind. You see, we normally don't come to these meetings
but now it looks that there's a better environment in the village
we didn't want to be the stupid ones..
Volga, Ural..
They all rivers are!
Garona, Sena, Escalda..
They all rivers are!
River, Plut and Sar
Elba!
They all rivers are!
Mura!
They all rivers are!
Clave!
They all rivers are!
Save!
They all rivers are!
If you sum 508..
and 32..
they make 540!
and I add 2 more
and I multiply them
by 43
I subtract 1500
I divide by 100
the result is 200,86
I really finish every day destroyed..
Does it surprise you?
Gongora!.. Quevedo!
Does it have to be in latin, father?
the priest keeps praying in latin..
Horatio at least!
But not those paddings, I beg!
It's very sad to die without growing
And he started sprouting in XVI. century!
It seems that in XVIII. century he started dating women..
effusively!.. and that's why he stopped growing
When I finish growing I will also dedicate myself to women
almost all the time
to sleep with them, I mean
I have heard so much!
(praying)
Litany is for those on heavens!!
For the cherubs!
Give us Saints of heavens charity and office!
For the seraphs!
Give us Saints of heavens scientific knowledge!
For the throwns!
Give us Saints of heavens a body of doctrine!
For the dominations!
Give us Saints of heavens lot of understanding!
For the virtues!
Give us Saints of heavens the capacity to relativize!
For the powers!
Give us Saints of heavens a fair global vision!
Looks good, hum?
I think is from Calafarra
Do you remember when the saints send us conformity?
Of course I remember!
We were all completely indifferent
Better this rice!
And the figs! if it rained figs...

We have the custom of touching our hands..
close them tightly, play around with the fingers..
and then the kisses come
the kisses are given with the lips
and depending where you kiss
it's more or less pleasant
it normally goes "in crescendo"
I will give you an example
you kiss me in the chick
and I like that
but it's like a relative or a friend kissing me
that is, as I am already used to it, I enjoy it less
but then, I close my eyes, and you kiss me on the eyelids
You can see more love there
You get it?
An uncle of yours doesn't kiss you on the eyelids!
First, kiss me on the eyelids
and then, you kiss me on the lips
First, small kisses
and then deep kisses
you leave your lips loose
and get them tight against mine
what's up?!
why do you go downwards now?
fuck, don't tell me those things!
I am levering the ground with my dick, so I go downwards!
Stop there! what's that?
What are you doing?!
Don't you see?
That's it! without preparation, with nothing!.. like animals!
Don't you see that the girl won't enjoy that way?
You need to prepare that a bit...
some caresses, some kisses here and there..
Shit man, don't know.. a decent preparation!
sure! you savage!
we normally do it this way
C'mon, c'mon.. give her some caresses and learn how to do things properly
We turn around, so you'll be more comfortable
Is he caressing you?
Yes
Isn't it better?
You can't compare! much better!
What shall we do Rocio?
I don't know.. I think we should continue
the thing is.. I am almost sure that he is not a sleepwalker!
Beh... keep on and forget about him!
Snip, snap, snout, this tale's told out
And they all lived happily ever after
..and they all slammed the door in our faces
We'll go then, it's very late
Tell them good night, my daughter
Good night
Good night
Have a good rest
Same for you
This morning, dear kids
There's something new in the classroom
There's something new that you can see
I am referring to those gentlemen at the back
And there's something new that you cannot see yet
because you are too young
but that I will teach you to see
or that I'll try at least, that's my duty
maybe, my only duty
today in this classroom, there's an absolute lack of freedom
those two gentlemen
they are not kids neither myself
whom I've tried to keep them out
they have sneaked in here, and even worse..
they have demanded me to make you an exam
so they can evaluate your knowledge
And after all this
I'll tell you what they pretend
ha! laugh with me kids!
that theirs it's a "peaceful" occupation of our village
What more violence could be,
than the one against the spirit?
Exam
Take note of the questions
The groins.
Their geographic importance
Are the true the groins?
History of the groins
The groins in the ancient era
The groins of the Americans
How do you touch the groins?
The noise of the groins
The most famous groins
The groins and literature
1 Kg of groins
The groins of children
The groins and the head
Their relation -if exists
The groins in Andalousia
-and the carnation
General theory of the State and the groins
The black groins
Is there a single groin -or many?
The actor's groins
The groin and God!
There's still no groin that can govern me
The disassembled groins
Explain why
The bitch groins
Hand-drawing of groins
Is the groin meat?
Check(mate) to the groin
Does a groin satisfy today?
Which groin?
Answer the questions
Are you done?
Yes Sir
Ngé Ndomo Alvarez Martinez
Votes
Catalina Alvarez Martinez
Votes
Can I know now what's wrong with you?
I can't avoid it mother
I am moved, every time I vote
It has been many years of fight
Lincoln, Lumumba, Cassius Clay...
I arrive and pull it off at first attempt!
I'm new in this world, you could say
And the first thing, bam, voting
Exercising my full-right citizenship
What a progress!
By the way, father, you left me the dead there
and I passed the night with many nauseas
Now I thought that I want to be "bullfighter"
What do you have to do?
It's not decent, Remedios, of course not!
I'm out to diagnose a Nephretic Cholic
That turns to be not a Nephretic Cholic
but a kidney-cracking, due to mal postures
and I was out to exercise my right to vote too
And when I'm back, I found two mouths that I need to feed
You tell me Remedios, what kind of life is this?
I told her, Mr Alonso
I warned her
Who of the two is voting?
or the two of us will?
No, do it yourself, you're more awake
I warn you, he has better taste
and he's more unhibited and more progressist
Let him vote then!
The interests will probably not be the same
They can both vote too..
By the way, this thing of splitting in two
that you are doing so often, why so?
You didn't use to do that!
Gabriela told me that she likes it, so I ...
But Gabriela, as long as you have "coeundi" impotence
she will not care about you
That's why I'm trying to check
if this impotence goes away when I'm half drunk
I got it erected the other day!
But yes, man.. I understand, better like this
and not carry along with the expenses of an edition
Else, the sargent would come after
and instead of burning the manuscript he'd burn 2 or 3 thousand books
I'm glad you understand it, because this things need to be accepted
Congratulations! You're voting extraordinarily!
Thank you very much. How's the invasion going?
So-so
You know, great deeds require some time..
..good luck then!
I'd like to make you a question
Tell me
Eh... Do you guys read Nabokov a lot?
I ask you because...
I started writing again
And I'm getting "Ada or Ardor"
But involuntarily!
I thought, maybe.. we are all exiled..
I'll grab you one day.. You'll see!!
Yeah, you must be saying because of my luck!
I don't care
You can't do what you are trying to
You get me?
I will not vote then!!
Vote man! don't be silly!
you.. you really choosed the right moment, eh?
Vote. We'll talk later.
Hurry up.. we're exhausted
I'm very close to say "yes" to you
sure man! that way you can get some change
..because you are obsessed..
Paquito, what are you doing? are you dumb?
They were pulling me upwards!
Alright!.. don't be scared!
It happened once here already
It means that you'll ascend to heavens, body and soul!
But not today man, not today..
I got a date with a widow from our neighbouring village for tonight..
don't fuck me!!
someone is wrong up there!
Tomorrow, you are saying?
Yes, lady, tomorrow
we'll feel pity
My daughter and I had thought of buying new dresses, nightdresses included
see? what can you do?
We just voted and we're leaving
Did you come only for that, to vote?
No, we came because Pepe told us so
And because my son is in sabbatical year
and I bought him a sidecar motorbike
that's why we go
And couldn't you stay some days longer?
Some days?
No, leave it Miss.
Forgive me one moment father
Look Miss, you can't contradict my father
I tell it for your good
What are you laughing at?
The full moon, makes me laugh
..and I get sick
since when do you suffer from this?
Since I arrived in Oklahoma
It's like the wolf-man, but with the laughter
..either you are a complete idiot
...or you have an allergy
I'm much better now father. Let's go
Summing up: we, the same guys as always, have won
That is: me, Mayor
the priest, Mr Andres
the teacher, it was left vacant
therefore, Mr Roberto continues
the bitch, Mercedes
we also have 5 adulterous
but we'll tell them particularly
so they can decide to tell their husbands
or not
the nun, was vacant again, so no nun
Cristina is going to try as butch woman for some months
And Mr Cosme, as homosexual
Viva!!
Calm
It was also voted that the invaders must go
enough
and if there's still any American, must go too
No, not you. You're in Oklahoma fulfilling your duty
So you can stay if you want, or you can leave
What do you want?
I'd like to defend the Americans
because they also have positive things
Go fuck off...
Good. The first thing I want to tell you
as you already know my ideas
I'll keep the girl for myself
(men groaning)
Yes Mayor!! We are all contingent but you are necessary!!!
Long life the Mayor!
Viva!!!
Only one thing left
Those elected for Public Security..
Sargent Gutierrez wants to tell you something
Long life the Saint Sargent!
viva!!
Something has happened
that I need to announce
The military police has lost the elections
(whining)
The Secret Police has won
(cheering)
But: the Secret Police is ourselves
(applause)
Except... Except for Fermin
(moaning)
The officer Fermin is out of the Security Forces
In any case, I ask you a big applause for Fermin
(applauses)
(the crowd) Fermin!.. Fermin!!
we have discussed, Mayor
among us.. to see
if the "ram technique"
was good to apply here?
and we have voted
and we've been elected
we're until the nose of you
we're off
However, when we're leaders..
with all the absolute power
we won't forget Mayor
that you pissed us off so much
And that's our result
And we can stay, you know..
but we'll go
See, my son, although he's engineer and teaches in Oklahoma
He has an artist soul
He was born like that
What can we do?
This thing of the laughter..
doesn't happen to everyone
In Oklahoma is not that weird, father
But here it is!! Here it is weird! Fuck, do you hear me?
..'cause I'm his manager
It's good, eh pretty girl?
In my case, having my own business has prevented me from being an action man
I could have been a legend! epic!.. if I could ride horses!
What I'd like to get in this period..
is that when you guys use me..
pass first from home, and remove the working clothes
..'cause if you come with working clothes.. you give the impression of poor
of rush.. and of lack of tenderness
Anyway. You gotta make money out of mistakes
Here you have me.
The light doesn't cure the blindness
And the only motherland of men is death.
That's why I live my life in a very particular way
To start with, I didn't think that the military police was gonna lose
Such prestigous Forces!
You see. The electors are capricious.
They like novelties.
That's why the cental command and I thought of the Secret Police
The idea of leaving you out was mine, I confess
I thought that in worst case scenario, you are a man that knows how to talk
That knows typewriting
Have you seen Cascales?
The one that always wanted to change role!
Neither have I, but don't trust me much tonight
'cause with this glasses I can't see much
Shall we go father?
Well, we actually had so much fun here..
..or better shoot off now
Yes
Father, either you win the wine here, shooting
..or tomorrow you won't be able to consecrate, I tell you
You are shameless drunkard!!
You are leaving us out of wine to consacrate!
Every day! .. I'll smash your head!!
You go, son, go.
Thank you my Sargent.
(crowd sings) Fermin, Fermin!!
One more necking, one more..
Be careful!.. You are bending my foot and..
Oh, dear angel, what have I done to you?
Look now, so funny, eh?
Lame for my whole life
My didn't chose the best night to leave, father
We are as blind as a bat!!
See, with the glasses on I'm smiling..
..if I take them off I'll wet myself laughing
..fuck, that damn smile
Look, son, don't worry
It will be soon the sunrise
..and as these women didn't let us sleep at their place
Patience
The daughter was crying when we were leaving, father..
We'll find them better in France!
So you still insist on going to France?
whae.. well you..
it's clear now!
The problem is that, to go up to France with this motorbike..
it's a tough job, father
You'll see what sort of women
and what kind of commerces we'll find
But father, weren't you saying that all women are bad?
No son... not the French
The French women are like men, that are useful for everything
The bad thing there are the men, that they look like women
They are useless!!
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!! Father!
Look! you got a boy already!
No, no... I didn't come out or across or anything..
You've pulled me up and tore me apart when I was still green..
and now look, lame for the rest of my life
Wow! You already got a boy!
No, no.. I didn't come out, they pull me
..and lame for the rest of my life
Are you leaving?
Yes. We've already seen this place, so..
we go to France
Aaah... French Republic!
French Republic!
We go to say good-bye to Fermin
Yes, my husband is like this..
He thought that we could all go together to see the dawn
So, is it that beautiful the dawn here?
Wonderful.
You see.. One here, due to necessities of duty, I have seen so many geographies
that the world map feels small.
There's no dawn like in these valleys
seen from the Capithon
Son, I think we should go with them
'cause such a subtle thing
that brings the attention of the Military Police
as savages as they are, it must be something really remarkable!!
but really remarkable!!
Let's go then
We're off
Enjoy it!
Thanks! Bye!
Bye!
Take the pig, father
Over there, father, over there
So you say that it's beautiful?
Oh.. Wonderful. You'll see.
The sun rises over there
Between those two mountains
The mountains are called, the Morter of Pertusa
and the Ituelo
Little after, the sun reflects in the river Corcos
And at the same time that the river waters shine..
..the top of the poplars on the riverside
After a while, the sun line starts climbing up these hills
and this, that looks like a Black & White film
starts taking the colors of the flowers and the bushes
..and everything becomes technicolor
Let's sit down to better see it
You can remove the glasses, son!
What's the time?
7.15 am
So awkward!
I'd say that in this period, the sun rises at 7 am
Look father, we're getting an opposite sunrise!
As I said.
I can't stand this without-God! No way!
What're you doing?
It will take time to fix this
It looks like a serious break-down
It really scares me
we'll go to France, so..
well, in France it will be the same, won't it?
No, not at all..
How will the French allow such a thing to happen?
They are much more careful with their things!
And what a commerce! And what girls!!
To tell the truth, father, Pepe is a slack bastard
Give it to me Fermin!! You don't need it!
Return it to me!!
I shit on the mystery!! (of God)
(shooting)
