The non Jewish community does not understand
our fixation our obsession with Israel.
Good evening, and welcome to the 2018
To the 2016, 2019
Taglit-Birthright Israel Winter mega event
Summer mega event
Right here in Jerusalem
The eternal capital of our people
Is there anyone here from
the United States of America
What's your name, where are you from Buddy
I'm Michael and I'm from Detroit Michigan.”
Everybody knows somebody who is the army
Israeli soldiers they're hot
there are awesome they're strong
They're everything we could all want to be
Ah, my name is Aaron and
I'm from Brooklyn New-York
I came at BirthRight in 2016 I joined the
army 4 months after I finished BirthRight
Missed my flight back to America
and I'm still in the army now.
The first time I've been to the United
States I met so many nice people
Jewish Americans would tell me things like: «
we like you but we don't like Palestinians »
Even though that I'm the
only Palestinian they know.
Of course around that time I would take it personally
but then you come to realize that people do not know
They know nothing about Palestine and Palestinians or
have no idea about what Palestinians are going through.
Coming into Palestine the first time I
remember asking people, what do you think?
Shall I do it? And the response that I always
got was, you know: you're going to be killed.
As a curious young person like what is this thing
that is so horrifying you can't bear to let me see it
Because is that bad?
Found in the depths of my family's house
I found some of my Hebrew Hebrew
text books from elementary school
“Israel shel simkha” “my Israel”
congratulations to Simone Zimmerman
for winning the Israel jubilee contest
February 1998 I was as seven.
I had like a pretty traditional
Jewish upbringing and grew up in L.A.
I went to a Jewish day school
kindergarten through the end of high school
I went to Jewish youth group
Jewish camps I had family in Israel
I lived in Israel in high school
on an exchange program.
Israel was just treated like
a core part of being a Jew
So you did prayers and you did Israel.
[39]
Israel is something that I feel
so passionately about like it's
You know it's my greatest
passion I'm everything Israel.
I became a Jewish educator after
my daughter's started Hebrew school
I started teaching second grade during
the years they did fourth grade also
and just to be able to start
them on this wonderful journey.
I mean, it's, it's, it gets in your blood
And we teach Israel at
the day school very well
We introduce them to the food and to the music into the
culture in addition to the history and the geography.
Figure out which one is the Israeli flag
draw a circle around every time you
see the symbol of the state of Israel
Draw your own symbol
of the state of Israel.
We also celebrated holidays obviously so Hanuka,
Israeli independence... all of it, together.
Can you separate Israel and
Judaism I don't know I can't
Some people I think can to me it's the same
you can't separate it
Israel is Judaism and Judaism is Israel And
that is who I am and that is my identity
And I think every single thing
that I experienced along my life
has melted into that like there was
never, you know, a divide for me.
I grew up in a conservative Jewish
households in Atlanta Georgia
Israel was a central part of
everything we did in school
My elementary and middle school as well as my
high school both had organized trips to Israel
Which was touted as one of the
most important things you could do.
Do you wanna go to Israel too? Yeaaah!
We wanna go, we wanna go
When I've visited Israel the the
first time when I was eight years old
I put a knot in the cartel in
the western wall saying that
One day I hope to live
in Israel and prosper.
Every one of our kids should be going over,
Not for ten days, but for a
minimum of a semester or a year.
Every time I send somebody
over at Israel, they come back
All of a sudden they feel totally different
about who and what they are as Jews.
When I was a teenager and I went to Israel
it was amazing to me
to travel on this place
where Hebrew was a language that I finally
got to speak on the street with people
and were Jewish heroes the
streets are named after them.
We're planting seeds that
eventually are gonna blossom
Does the average congregate understand
that I'm teaching them to become Zionist
Probably not, but it is part
of my madness so to speak.
I learned about Israel as this
great miracle of Jewish history.
For thousands of years we were persecuted and
Israel is the place that you can go to be safe
My grandfather's family made it to Israel
his immediate family were some of
the only ones who escaped the holocaust
Many American Jews of our most people I know
have family or friends living in Israel.
Israel is the insurance policy it's
still today a Jew doesn't have to worry
where is he you gonna go, god forbid
even here no holocaust survivor will
say to you could never happen again.
I was born in Poland in 1940, not
a good place for Jewish to be born
My parents were separated my
father went through a series of camps.
Who knows why I survived and
1.5 million Jewish or so perished
and so Israel became very very significant in
my life even though six thousand miles away
I probably and visited Israel
over a hundred times in my lifetime
you know as we sit now my grand daughter's
there for two weeks in high-school.
I didn't have many friends in Israel growing up and
every time I would visit Israel I felt closer and closer.
The Jewish summer camps would
always bring a big contingency of Israelis
to try to drive Israeli culture within the camp
and connect the American Jews to Israeli culture
So when I was in high school I went
on this Jewish his trip to Israel and
one of the programs we did was called Kadna
where we spent a day pretending to be soldiers
in the Israeli army, we wear army uniforms
and stuff like that was just sort of a normal
part of what our childhoods looked like.
At summer camp in the middle of the
night they would wake us up and take us out
sometime that was that was to pull pranks and other times I
remember doing military games using the command "PAZATSTAS"
sneaking around so anytime the commander
who was one of our counsellors said
PAZATSTAS we would all get on the ground
We made a game out of it simulating being in the military
and sneaking around in having to be a part of that
On youth programs that I participated in in Israel
you could spend a whole week on an Israeli army base
varying army uniforms and going through
a sort of simulation of basic training and
that's where some people you know,
learned to shoot guns for the first time.
It's not just regular military games it's specifically using
Israeli military commands often with Israeli counselors giving them.
When you're young kid that really drills
into you that this is something important
and I wanted to be a part of that.
We often talked about the ways that you could be a good
supporter of the Jewish people one was to join the army
and the other was to go
become an Israel advocate
They were even clubs within
school to work on advocating for Israel
My high school sent a delegation
to the AIPAC conference.
AIPAC the "American Israel
Public Affairs Committee"
They are the people who tell the Congress which
legislation effecting Israel they like and which they don't
“The bond between United States and Israel is unbreakable,
today unbreakable tomorrow, unbreakable for ever.”
AIPAC is just a thing that you do
like going to the AIPAC conferences
just sort of seen as a like a
Community event
Here with us today are leaders from across
the pro-Israel community including Abe Foxman
I learned a long time ago there
is no way you can say no to Abe
You know I don't know to what extent one anybody
makes a difference I try to make a difference.
Jewish education is still a major priority already
for the future in certainly relationship to Israel.
If you wanna ask me you had $ 100 millions, how
would you change the future of American Jews?
I would make trips to Israel available
to any Jewish kid who wanted to go
make that experience. We're
doing and now, it's called Birthright.
It is up to you to be our soldiers abroad,
armed with love and knowledge and conviction
ready to sway public
opinion in Israel favor.
Learning about the quotal quote "conflict" as
something that is part of programming as something that
you have to learn how to defend Israel from the lies that other
people are saying you have to be able to tell people the truth.
By the time I've got to college I had
teachers who said to me people hate Israel
people are attacking Israel people
don't know the truth about Israel
and we're the only people who
actually know the truth about Israel.
If You're Jewish college student Hillel is
your central address for Jewish life on campus.
As a freshman I remember walking into Helli
was one of the first places
as I went when I got to campus.
It's a place where you can go for
meals to meet other young Jewish people
Pro-Israel advocacy is a central part of
how they work to engage Jewish young people
I am the director of engagement
and programs throughout Hillel
and this campus happens
to be very pro active for Israel
lot of people are very passionate
a lot of people love Israel
and there's a lot of advocacy here on campus in
lots of different ways, lots of different groups.
How did you become involved
in "Advocacy For Israel"?
I kind of came to the lodge cause I was new
in campus and didn't really know where to go
and I really did find
a lot of friends here.
I came here on and off but then when I'm on the
Birthright trip and kinda got to know the staff
Tommy and Jackie lot better got
to know people at Hellil a lot better
and just got to know Israel a lot
better, I came back and I knew that
I want put a lot more of myself into
helloing the Jews community on campus
and just Israel advocacy in general
On birthright we had Israeli soldiers with us for entire trip
you learn so much and you learn the reason that they serve
it's just a feeling that I don't think any
of us could ever imagine except for Tim
My job is doing Israeli programs on campus and
that relates to Jewish events cultural or political
ah sorry, Israeli events
cultural or political
I would say name a university in
America we probably have a person there
I like to talk about the army a lot, because that's an experience
that I lived through and I have a lot of personal stories
There's a couple of students that be: yeah
I'm I'm thinking about joining the IDF one day
so my first thing is saying
them "are you sure?"
Because it's not an easy decision
that being said it will probably end up being the
most meaningful experience that you ever go through
You gonna tell your
kids stories about it, hum.
One of our former young emissaries
just graduated into the air force
and that's the greatest
gift you can give you know
and we actually have had quite a
few of my former students join the IDF
amazing and it's just amazing, these are kids,
these are just eighteen nineteen year old.
It's like something I dreamed about
doing since I was like seven years
You have like us you
find yourself a purpose
All my friends are so proud of me and they
understand that this is something like I have to do
Almost ten percent of my graduating class at
my Jewish high school joined the Israeli army
and I had many friends from my summer camp and
New Year's group who joined the army as well
Part of becoming part of Israeli
society is to join the military
When I was in high school I told my parents
I don't even need to apply to college
because I'm gonna just join the Israeli
military and make Aliha and live in Israel
I honestly felt for many years that I fit in better
in Israeli society than I do an American society
even before I moved there and I
wanted to defend what I saw as my country
so when I enlisted I was a "Maggist"
which is a heavy machine gunnist
during my basic and advanced training
and then they put me on a light machine gun
We were training for war training
for strategy to conquer hilltops
and conquer open spaces
one week was focused on
urban warfare in close quarters
and that was simulated in
what looks like Arab housing
after this seven months of our training
we were deployed to the West Bank.
Our missions included working
in two different checkpoints
patrolling villages on foot in
full gear in bulletproof vests
we would go into apartment buildings go up to
the roof and make sure that we could be seen
so that we could make our presence felt
we wanted them to know we wanted them to know that
we were watching that was the goal of the mission
we would set up what's called a check-post which is
a checkpoint that is situated at a major intersection
At checkpoints we would
stop people create a traffic jam
check their IDs check their trunks
every day on their way to work
or on their way to visit their family.
To keep them on their toes
essentially, and they, being Palestinians.
Even though Israel was a central
part of everything we did in the school
we never really discussed the Palestinians
it was presented to us that Israel
was basically an empty wasteland
When the Jews arrived there were some Arabs
there they said but it was no organized people
they really treated the land poorly
Yeah there are there are Palestinians and they just
want to kill us all and want us to leave the land.
I just don't think I had any conception of
anything about what it means to be a Palestinian
besides that it means you're a person
who kills Jews or wants to kill Jews.
It was always presented to us
that the Arabs only know terrorism.
Ever since I came back from the States I realize that
the best way to help people understand the reality
imposed on us by the state
of Israel is for them to be there
The one thing that I want to give the rest of my life for is to
help people understand the reality that is going in Palestine
I grew up all of my life in this occupation
I grew up in Bethlehem in Palestine
To be honest I do have my days where I wake up
I look in the mirror and ask what is going on
and and what and I even do today
to change anything in the situation
I remember from the youngest age growing up with my parents always
warning me always telling me not to go out to go on the street,
not to play on the street because
of the soldiers and the settlers
Of course that your first experience
with the soldier is terrorizing
you know especially because
they would invade your house
or your family's house late at night
like they love to work after midnight
My first experience with
the soldiers as a child
was an experience that put fear in me
An American Jewish soldier talking to my
father and yelling at him and shouting at
which, of course, as a child, you
feel very ashamed then insulted
and then my father, because ironically
we are American citizens as well
turned to him in an American accent
and asked him where he was from
and then the soldier he was almost
like shocked by this by this question
because for his mind he wants to say "Israel" and
Jewish people but he's talking to an American now
and he told him "I'm from Chicago"
and then just as this reality that like even as a
child I remember this this this American soldier
who just moved here to be part of
an army to play cowboys and Indians.
Somebody who comes here from New-York or from
Chicago and claiming that this land is theirs
What makes like and eighteen years old American kid,
who was given a ten days trip for free in Palestine
What make them want to
come in and sacrifice his life
Why would a foreigner think
it's okay to have superior rights
to the rights to the indigenous population
because somebody told them it's home
This is our land this is ours
that's what was conveyed to us.
It gutted me that people look at Palestine and
Palestinians from the point of view of the oppressor
not from the point of view of the oppressed
I think what I knew about who was
in Israel before the state was created
is basically there were
some Jews always there
most Jews were in exile
we'd always wanted to go back.
The idea that there were native inhabitants that lived
there was not even part of my frame of reference.
This restaurant makes the most
delicious Houmous and Falafel in town
These families are not from the town of Bethlehem just like my mother's
family they were expelled from the city of Jaffah back in 1948.
I was born to a family of victims
of the ethnic cleansing of Palestine
the ethnic cleansing that was carried
on by the founders of the state of Israel
My mother's family were expelled from the largest
Palestinian city pre-1948 which was the city of Jaffah.
My father was a newborn at that time he was
carried by his family they ended up in Bethlehem
waiting for atrocities to come to an end
so they would be able to go back home
Of course none of those people
were ever allowed back home.
My father's family was
in Jerusalem up until 1948
when the war happened he was shot
by sniper and was killed on the spot
His children actually dragged his body down
and buried him in the courtyard of the house
A few days later when the Jewish
forces took over that neighborhood
they demanded that all the non-Jews
of that neighborhood be evicted
It was the biggest mass exodus percentage-wise
of a people from their land in modern history.
The ethnic cleansing of
Palestine the term “Nakba”
“The Catastrophe”
is the tragedy or catastrophe that hit
almost every single Palestinian family
nearly 750.000 victims.
It's traumatizing in
almost every possible level
Nearly 78% of the land of Palestine became
under the control of the state of Israel.
What else was I told
about Israel, we were told
it was a land without a people for
people without a land and we came back
from the ashes of the holocaust
the state of Israel was birthed
The rights of the people that lived
here does not exist in that narrative
and other than us being an
obstacle the Nakba continues
it started in 1948 and
continues until this day.
In 1967 the state of Israel managed
to complete his control over Palestine
by taking over the territory of the
West Bank and the territory of Gaza.
Ok, here's the good stuff,
more maps of greater Israel.
That was sort of, you know, the whole land, we
were always told that the whole land was ours.
You know, that's sort
of what they teach us.
After the 1967 war Israel put a
very forceful very violent military force
to dominate and control the lives of the
Palestinians that continues until this day.
The intention of Israeli control over the land of
Palestine is complete colonization the territory
Building homes for those
who are born to Jewish families.
And also demolishing the homes of those
were who born from Palestinian families.
Palestinians kicked out of from
their homes confiscated by settlers
You are stealing my house
And if I don't steel it
someone else is gonna steel it
No, no one is allowed to
steal it "ya hami" (my uncle)
A massive movement to confiscate land
to build settlements to expand settlements
Before we were even fully trained we
were deployed to protect settlements
it was all for the security
of this settlements.
Israel filled occupied West Bank with Jewish Israelis living
in different colonies and settlements throughout the region
and those individuals are
subject to Israeli civil law
While you have Palestinians living within the exact
same territory those are subject to Israeli military law
When an American citizen
comes here he has more right
than I would have my entire life.
We are in the quoted quote “West Bank”
we're in the quoted quote “settlements”
This is one of the road blocks that
kind of ensure that cars get checked
to see that no terrorists are coming in.
I lived in America and then I
came back to Israel by myself
at the age of 17 to serve in the army.
And there are elements what I would call the
Jihadist elements that don't accept our presence here
but that's just tough for them
it's a great vision coming to flourish in
our time and is nothing gonna stop us.
From the day you are born you're
living day in day out day in day out
without experiencing a day of freedom.
Palestinians have to
be forced to live in cages
So I'm a Israeli born and raised
As a young Israeli growing up, my
grandparents lived in the center of Jerusalem
“The battle for Jerusalem at least
twenty six people are reported dead.”
People I knew were injured and killed and
from a very young age, I knew
I'm gonna be joining the military
I was never in a Palestinian house till I
barge into one in the middle of the night
One thing that I did routinely was a mission where you
are ordered to take over a Palestinian family's home
and use that house as a military point
no warrant and you don't call in
advance it's a military occupation.
And during my service there were many
moments where I saw myself acting violently
and there were moments of of shame
We can detain any Palestinian just
because he looked at us in the wrong way
that's a system that's based on violence.
Oh, oh, oh, what are you doing?
Security, it's about security... is he
a threat for you? We don't know yet
When I was stationed in the West
Bank one day one of my commanders
came and grabbed me and
one other soldier and said
there is a detainee at
the Khowara checkpoint
and we need to go pick him up and bring him
to the detention center that's in the base
When we got there the Palestinian detainee
who was maximum in his early twenty's
he was sitting on the curb with his hands tied
behind his back with zip ties and blindfolded.
We got to the detention center within the base and right
outside there were about eight soldiers waiting for us.
They saw us come they grabbed
the detainee from our hands
and threw him to the ground while he's still
blindfolded and hands tied behind his back
and they started kicking
him for a good few minutes
I was responsible for
this man's well being.
I was responsible to bring him from the checkpoint
to the detention center, that was my job.
And right outside the fence of the detention center
they grab him from me and they start beating him.
I felt responsible but
my commander wasn't saying
anything so how could I say anything.
The entire time that this was
happening a military police officer
was standing just inside the fence
watching and smoking a cigarette
As soon as these guys were
done kicking this Palestinian man
the military police officer tossed his cigarette
He came, brought him inside the detention center
and I didn't even speak
up... I didn't speak up
That's just one of many stories that I
have from my time in the West Bank
It took many years for me to
really count terms with my part in it
only after I got out of the
army did I begin to realize that
the stuff that I did in the day-to-day
just working in checkpoints
patrolling villages
that in and of itself was immoral.
Palestinians in the West-Bank even though their lives are
controlled by the state of Israel from morning noon and night
are not even theoretically citizens
of the country in which they live.
You see in some ways what
non-democracy looks like up close.
When people look at the West-Bank and say is an
apartheid system and it's not just throwing out a word
a Palestinian lives under a different legal
system than an Israeli settler living next door
Anyone who you know sees these facts
on the grounds or speaks to Palestinians
would understand that this a process of
settler's colonization of an apartheid regime.
I remember crossing that checkpoint
into Bethlehem and before this
I've been very much opposed
to ever using the word apartheid
but seeing night and day difference just by crossing
this wall changed that for me in an instant.
Assuming in serving in the Israeli army is obviously one way
of supporting Israel but there's also another modern battle
that is happening on campuses
each and every single day
and you are standing in
front of it, and hum, I mean
the Israeli government and Israeli people thank you for that and
that's why they put me here probably and I thank you for that
hum, there's a lot of PR to be made.
This university thank
god is fairly a-political
but I've heard all over the
place how you universities
are these hot beds of
anti-Semitic and anti-Israel work
I remember very vividly I was sitting in my
dorm-room with a friend of mine we got a phone call
that an anti Israel bill was being introduced
in the student government we bought-in
on the way called our parents
both got sent talking points
and then we went into this
student government meeting
The students senate at the
university of California Berkeley
calling on campus officials
to divest from companies
that supply weapons that Israel uses
in it's occupation of
the Palestinian territories
You are siding with the Palestinians on the
Israeli/Palestinian conflict there's just no question about it.
I just knew it was this
bad thing that I had to fight
It is anti-Semitism: it is!
You're trying to make me feel
marginalized on my own campus.
And I remember all of us going “well, hu,
you shouldn't boycott Israel
because it's applying a double standard
and “you shouldn't boycott Israel because
it's unfair to single-out Israel.
Please, I beg of you, I beg you please
to have compassion and to remember
that we're alienating student and I
am devasted by this bill
and I'm a human being”
I still remember you have these Palestinian
students who get up and said you know
Jewish students you are crying about
feeling silenced and marginalized you know
You know my aunts and cousins didn't sleep
for weeks while bombs were falling over
heading Gaza. What do
you have to say to that?
If divestment is hostile
then where do we begin
to describe the hostility
of a military occupation?
I was thrown into all these conversations
where people were throwing around
all these words that
I've never heard before
“occupation” “settlements”
“apartheid” “ethnic cleansing”
I just never heard anyone
use any of these terms before.
Thought I knew so much about Israel, but I didn't
really know what anybody who's talking about
when they were talking
about all these things.
I remember coming to Hellil and saying “why aren't
we answering Palestinian students questions”
I would feel really embarrassed by it because
mostly I felt like we weren't doing a good job
refuting their argument. Do we
not have an actual counter argument
besides like rockets double
standard anti-Semitism.
People... people, I... I couldn't
get answer from any body
and that was really disturbing for me.
I mean, there are these people called Palestinians
who think that Israel wields all this power
over the their lives and don't
have rights, don't have water.
What like literally what is this? How how is
this happening? How do I had I respond to it?
People that have a problem with Israel there
is a good chance they're misguided in somewhere
Everyone have the freedom in Israel like you can have
any religion and you can do whatever you want in Israel
but only in Israel in the Middle-East.
A lot of them, like it's lot,
it's a lot of misinformation
some of it comes from misinformation, some of it
comes from ignorance, some of it comes from lies
And it's very hard to deal with that
in any kind of a have a positive way
when they're coming from
such a place of not understanding
what the reality the situation when
they just have this in their in their head
all this misinformation and all these lies
I mean somehow pro-Palestinian
has become pro-social justice.
I wanted to know answers from
within my own community and
nobody could answer those questions for me.
How is it that I am like the best
the Jewish community has to offer
I've been there all the training's all the
programs and I don't know what the occupation is
I don't know what the settlements are
Eventually I got to a point where
I found myself wanting answers
to the questions the
Palestinians students were asking
and so it led me on a process of trying
to go figure those things out for myself.
What is this thing that is so
horrifying you can't bear to let me see it.
The summer after my freshman
year I went to Palestine and
I knowingly crossed
line for the first time.
I don't think I realize the extent to which
what I would come to see on the ground
would really shock me and or horrify me.
So if you look at your maps, we're
standing again right before hum
is going to turn red just so we
hear, where the soldier are standing
So just look behind you
guys this is a block of houses
the people living in all these apartments here
we were not allowed to walk on this main road
So this was, look, like a
red road, a "sterilized" road
and imagine, if you're a family living
here you can't open the front door
of your house and walk out.
I am listening to Palestinian
students talking about
what it was like being
beaten at a checkpoint
and sitting down with a
Palestinian family and and
hearing their story about
being displaced by Israeli settlers
And even when we fix the water wells,
and we try to cultivate the rainwater
to come into the water wells. Even those
things are being attacked by the settlers
Either they to throw stones on them
Or they throw chemicals in them
or they throw dead animals in the wells.
He's saying first he welcomes you.
Thank you very much for coming.
Especially because you're Jewish
The area here is populated
by Palestinian farmers.
Supreme court in Israel ruled that
they are allowed to live in the caves
that are here. They're not
allowed to build anything.
Today the civil administration
and the army came
and demolished some of the tents here
Something is deeply wrong here and it's,
it's breaking my heart.
What we've been told is that
the only way that Jews can be safe
is if Palestinians are not safe.
I guess the more I learn about that
the more I came to see that... as a lie.
So this is the checkpoint that
divides Jerusalem from Bethlehem
Palestinians definitely
cannot drive on this road
So you can see that we're basically driving
with walls on both sides of us right now.
You wanna go to like the major square or where
would you want to go? Well, you head man!
This is my barber
(laughs and Arabic small talk)
As someone who came to see Jerusalem or
Tel-Aviv as places that I should imagine as home
I remember coming into the
West-Bank for the first time
and actually seeing this
place as someone else's home
This is a normal place
where people are just
trying to live their lives.
For me to get to Jerusalem I have
to think of: first of all having the permit
getting to the checkpoint
waiting in lines for the checkpoint
getting to the soldiers at the checkpoint
that soldier might do
anything to me at that point
including sending me back.
And then crossing the checkpoint
and then having to
take public transportation
It's just the fact that I can not
drive as a Palestinian I can not drive
in Jerusalem or anywhere in Israel.
So we drove here today and...
Yeah, if I'm not home by 10pm
and I get caught on other side
Then I can be detained. I
could lose my permit, for good
I could be put in prison. I could be...
beaten up by soldiers
Who knows what will happen to me
Almost any rooftop you stand on in
Bethlehem, you look one way or the other
you will see a settlement built around you.
I started coming here in 2010.
I heard you speak to a group
about anti-semitism and inherited trauma
and started thinking a lot about
what it means to challenge my community
around the deep ingrained traumas
that as that are totally stopping us from
any sort of movement on this issue
My first learning experience was
when I was invited to go to Auschwitz
on a "bearing-witness retreat"
I actually say in Auschwitz, I discovered
one of the main reasons
why this conflict exists today
which is this inherited trauma
that exists in the Jewish community
where the feeling is that, as
Jews, we're always attacked
we've always been attacked will
always be attacked and therefore
the only way to maintain
ourselves is to create
this very suppressive security mechanism
that would prevent this
from happening again
I mean that's what I learned
Yeah that's what I heard.
What is important for
many of the Israeli Jews
and the Jews from around
the world we talked to
is the simple recognition
and acknowledgment of the story
and that story is where
the healing work begins to happen
As an activist, I think for many
activists what keeps us going
is our ability to be able
to look towards the future
I really believe that there is an emerging
awakening within the
American Jewish community
I've had even some American Jews
who come here and they say
we came to Israel and
we left from Palestine
For American Jews coming
here and listening to us
and hearing us and seeing our humanity
and understanding that we
are not just out sitting in bunkers
planning the next attack against Israelis
That we do have a desire to live in peace
and to have our freedom,
and to be walking on our streets
and eating in our restaurants
and we, hum, I mean...
it's crazy that I have to say this that we are
real human beings that just want to survive
and live and like all other
people in this the world.
The moment they see this and
experience this for themselves
it creates something in them,
it shifts something in them
what they do with it when they go
back it becomes their responsibility.
I came home and spoke out I think initially
it was very painful and
shocking for a lot of people
I had friends from high school and from college
who didn't know how to speak to me at the beginning
because these conversations
were forbidden for us growing up.
I've grown up very
much as a product of this
mass mobilization across the community
to ensure that young people
stay engaged in pro-Israel politics
For most people I know
oh who actually took the time
to see with their own
eyes what was happening
It very quickly challenges
everything we've been taught.
It's very painful
because it is so intimately bound up
with the identity of the community
Their have always been Jews who
have spoken out for Palestinian rights
and more and more people are willing
to take off their binders
looking at this reality
saying this is intolerable
I continued to meet more
and more young people like me
who are having similar experiences
and it made me realize that
I was part of a bigger story
of something that was
happening not just to me
but to young people around the country
We decided to bring the crisis of
American Jewish support for Israel
to the doorsteps of Jewish institutions
to force that conversation in public
First of all, all my friends at AIPAC stop talking
to me. I've lost many childhood friends over this
Also many friends have like come
along politically with me over the years
many of my family have also
many of my family also
deeply disagree with me
Every time I protested outside of a Jewish
community event of some kind I have seen a friend
a family friend a parent of a friend
on the other side of the barricade
We are literally talking
about parents and children
Young Jews they go to the Jewish
federations they go to the reform movement
They go to their day schools and they say
You mobilized me to be a soldier for Israel
But I had been completely misled.
We are also in a moment
when there is he possibility of
of some kind of alternative.
I see it hundreds of times and over and over again and those
hundreds speak for thousands and they went to the Jewish camps
and they went to the days schools and
they went to the synagogue's Hebrew schools
They're really really angry at
the way they were educated
and the way that they were indoctrinated
hum, about these issues and justifiably so
The indoctrination is
so severe it's almost hard
to have a conversation about it
It's heartbreaking. It is heartbreaking
Our community right now has
to grapple with our complicity.
And we want to welcome
you, to the Jewish protesting
Jewish opinion is split some Jewish groups
vocally oppose Israel's military policies
“More than a thousand Jewish
activists descended on Washington DC
Sunday to protest AIPAC.”
“So we tell some of our more conservative
brothers and sisters on the inside
that you do not represent
the best of the Jewish
"prophetic tradition and we're here
to bear witness around the world"
It's a new day now, I
think you got a number
of young Jewish brothers and sisters
who are undergoing more spiritual
awakening that are deeply concerned
about the suffering of Palestinians
they come from a people who have been hated
but they don't want to see the cycle of hate
perpetrated even by Jews themselves.
Israel it's been part of my
life since early childhood.
Within the Jewish community
oh there's been a striking change
and Israel's well aware of it
human will and commitment can change things
My name is Tanya it's the first time I'm using my full
real name, to stand in solidarity with the Palestinians
and I never thought in my life I would be
standing with this many Jews for Palestine
I'm a rabbi
As long as Palestinian lives
are treated as disposable
Our house, as a people, is not in order.
Tomorrow we show up, and we march
For the bill sheet of Palestinians
Free, Free Palestine
Free, free, free Palestine
Free, Free Palestine
Free, free, free Palestine
Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib:
“I am the only Palestinian
American member of congress now
"how many Palestinians have
to die for their lives to matter?"
Life under apartheid strips
Palestinians of their human dignity
How many more decades to they
need to endure this subjugation
before there is a shift in
this unreasonable status quo
And what would you recommend?
I would recommend freedom!
The real challenge is trying to keep
that moral and spiritual dimensions strong
Cause any time you cut against a grave.
And you're gonna catch hell.
The anti-occupation Jews
are blocking Damascus Gate
End the occupation
Israeli Jews say (Hebrew)
I don't think it's as serious
as it's made up to be, okay?
They're entitled, it's fine, okay!
I don't think they represent much
I think they're a little super naive
I think that this... most of American Jews
even though they have different
views on settlements or occupation
I think that's still a decision
at the end of the day
they're gonna leave
for the Israelis to make
As long as Israel is under threat
and as strong as it is
and as dynamic as it is
it's still under threat from it's neighbors
and a hundred thousand
missiles, we postpone
that philosophical debate to another time
Palestinians are so dehumanized
in the community that it's really hard
for people to figure out
how to even understand
Palestinians legitimate
rights and claims to the land
“Palestinians gathered for
protesting the Israeli Gaza border”
They're demanding the right to return to
lands from which they were forced out in 1948
At least 55 Palestinians died
Monday during mass protests
Israeli troops fired on the demonstrators
Look at the more recent Gaza demonstrations
Ask yourself the question if the
Mexicans stood at the border and march
A million Mexicans or 20.000
Mexicans, what would America do?
You know first they would
try tear gas and this or that
and eventually they would have to shoot.
There are a lot of Jewish young
people who see a Jewish establishment
that is racist that is nationalistic
Israel is in the Middle-East
and not the Midwest
So the neighbors are not
necessarily the Jones or the Smiths
I don't want war, but
it's been imposed on us
So we should do right,
and defeat the terrorists
We don't want to be a part of that
but we are actually building an alternative
I've been involved in this
work for about a decade
I was seen as a face of this
young growing Jewish resistance
to the American Jewish establishment
It made perfect sense to me that
Bernie would hire someone like me
as a Jewish outreach coordinator
Within about 48 hours
of being on the campaign
the attack started rolling in
These old man from the Jewish
establishment came out to say
you know that I was
dangerous that I was a threat
a journalist wrote an article
about me the headline was
“Bernie sanders new Jewish outreach coordinator
is an outspoken critic of Israeli occupation”
The next headline that I found out
about when I walked into work was:
“Abe Foxman calls on Sanders to fire new Jewish
community liaison for quote “anti Israel comments”
“On Thursday the Sander's campaign suspended
it's new national Jewish outreach coordinator
Simone Zimmerman, two
days after she was hired.”
So as far as I'm aware this was Abe Foxman's first
comment in public since his retirement from the ADL
and he came out of
retirement to defend the world
from the great threat of Simone Zimmerman
It hurts me for Jewish kid to stand up
there and say: Justice for the Palestinians
and not saying: Justice for the Israelis
Troubles me, hurts me, me
bothers me, it means we failed
We failed in educating
and explaining etcaetera
When we talk about:
"we're losing the kids"...
Hu... We lost them!
[292]
[651]
We see that many millennials are
becoming desenchanted with Israel and
And, hum, I take a very different
approach on this. I say to them
we need to love Israel even more
It... it means that we, we're the older
generation have much more work to do
This whole communal obsession with
defending Israel has basically worked into
seeing someone like me
as a threat to the community
The word that I used to hear
a lot was “self hating Jew”
Like the only way that a
Jewish person could possibly
care about the humanity of
Palestinians is if you hate yourself
Let's see what I find in here.
You are a self loathing
Jew, go kill yourself
With Jews like you who
needs ignorant racist bigot Arabs
You work against our people... You're an
anti-semitic Jew... You've been working for the enemy
Simone Zimmerman another
member of the lunatic anti-semitic far-left
There's always been this argument of:
"Oh you can't criticize Israel"
Criticizing Israel feeds anti-semitism
Criticizing Israel helps
the enemies of Israel
As more and more American Jews are speaking
out in support of Palestinian freedom
Now they just say instead
we're over anti-semite
We hate all Jewish people or even
worse that we're not Jewish at all.
We are attacked as be
being not really Jewish
if we're not support of Israel
And that's where you start seeing
just a blanket de-legitimization
of an entire sector of
American Jewish society
focusing on this so
called new anti-semitism
And then came the new anti-semitism which
was the anti-semitism relating to Israel
What some have said that Israel
became the Jew of the nations.
In the same way that historically, you know,
whatever was permitted for anybody else
was not permitted for the Jew.
Now Israel was singled out...
So many of the self appointed leaders of our
community have been trying to equate the idea of
supporting Palestinian
rights itself with anti-semitism
This is about anti-Israel, anti-semitic
attitude. Classic new anti-semitism.
The extreme left has a
long history of anti-semitism,
of-of-of-of, of anti-Israel hatred.
How stupid have they been for
all these years, voting for Obama
and other anti-semites like him.
Unwillingness to grapple
with Palestinian suffering
is putting a lot of American Jews in
a really dangerous and sad position
How far will Jewish
Americans go in their effort
to quash pressure on Israel.
You know how far will
people go, it's hard to see.
How far they won't go, is
this is where things are today
Again the pro-Israel's leaders just want
to be in the room with the people in power.
They will do anything to preserve
unconditional support for Israel
Thank you. When I become president.
The days of treating Israel
like a 2nd class citizen
will end on day one
History is not going to judge just kindly
I'd like to say that we were blessed
by heaven with Donald Trump
being elected President
of the Unites States.
We should pray that they
should remain in office
and that he should continue
to do the great things he does.
On behalf of the United States
of America and on behalf of Israel
We're saying like of for fine combination
of what support of Israel at all cost
has led to... disregarding
any lesson of history
disregarding any sort of morality
The great irony of having this be where
we are today within the Jewish community
is that there actually is
resurgent anti-semitism.
The kind that I think my generation
and the generations that have come after
me never thought we'd see in our lifetimes
Hail Trump Hail our
people Hail victory
In the US couple of things have been
happening, number go to Trump or Trumpism.
It's not easy... is he a big got, is
he... I don't think he's a big got.
I think he is what he is. I don't think he's
a racist so I don't think is an anti-semite.
I think that you can call
him all kinds of things…
The community has spent so much
time attacking anyone who criticizes Israel
and their actual threats to our community
That has led our communal
institutions to basically be silent
in the face of rising white nationalism
Jews will not replace us.
Jews will not replace us.
Jews will not replace us.
The way that we talk about anti semitism isn't
about protecting Jews it's about protecting Israel.
How dangerous is that at this
moment with the rise of anti semitism
And often when American politicians
are asked about anti-semitism
they talk about their support for Israel
Support for Israel,
today, is actually replacing
what it means to be a Jew
These people have basically decided that
support for Israel
is more important than the safety of Jews
We're not going to say anything about the
spreading of these anti semitic conspiracy theories
We have seen a tremendous
amount of this use of vile
anti semitic tropes.
The thread talks about a Jewish plot
to enslave people in the United-States
Anti semitic flyers sipped in
Covid-19 conspiracies saying
every single aspect of
the Covid agenda is Jewish
That's the way the Jews work.
They decei... They are deceivers
They plot. They lie
They do whatever they have to do
The gunmen told a SWAT officer that
he wanted all Jews to die
and that they were committing
genocide against his people
It's a profoundly sad moment,
I think it's tipping moment
These anti semitic
nightmares that we all...
like it's all coming to
life, in front of our eyes
I can't help but think about all the
American Jewish organizations
that have spent the last
decade pouring millions of $
into smearing and marginalizing
human rights advocates
Jewish, Palestinian and not,
trying to brand Palestinian protest
as anti-semitic
when there were neo-Nazis
trying to kill us and our synagogues
My parents' and grandparents' generation
grew up in a world in
which Jews were not safe.
They invested so much in the idea
Jews could only be safe through Israel
But our safety and our
security is actually bound up in
the safety and the security of all people
The most powerful
pro-Israel lobby in the country
are now donating money
to republican politicians
who either incited or
continue to support the righters who
stormed the capital on January 6
That's part of a politics of solidarity.
It feels totally morally
coherent and morally urgent
to support freedom
and dignity for all people
in all the places that we live
Palestinians have already
been telling us this for decades.
So guys here is the
the the wall...
but, the world is finally
coming to catch up
For me I would say if
anybody has any influence
on Israeli policy
and I say this with a big if
it is the American Jewish community
The American Jewish
community have the potential
to have the greatest influence
in shifting our reality
outside of this land
For many people around the world when
they see the voice of the Jewish community
rise and protest against this occupation
it will allow other voices to say yes
we could also have a voice in it as well
Now we're doing joint work in
trying to end this occupation
and bringing peace and justice
into this land.
The most inspiring experiences I had
are with Jewish Americans
that come in and take a stand
We're gonna hear tonight
number of personal stories
at some point you guys decided to
call upon break the silence
and I'm interested was
there a particular moment
that lead you to this
In 2008, I, I joined the military
in America we have this concept of
innocent until proven guilty
there is no innocent
Palestinian according to the army
("that's so not true"...)
in occupied territory
"quiet down please!"...
"get out of here... come on, you lie...
that's a lie... she said there's no such"
"It's not a lie"
What we're talking about
is not getting Palestinians
the right that we Israelis...
and that's apartheid.
To go against the grain
is not an easy thing to do
So I did not speak about my
experiences in the occupation
publicly until very recently
I was afraid that I would be demonized
I've seen friends of mine, being demonized
for speaking out about the same things
The first time I ever spoke
publicly about my experiences
I cried the whole time that I was speaking.
It's gotten a little bit easier
to talk about since then
because I have taken the time to process it
But that doesn't mean it's easy any
time I talk about these experiences...
But we can't wait any longer
I've been longing for this Jewish
conversation for seventeen years.
We're here today... hum
to talk about some things that are often
can feel impossible
in the Jewish community
These conversations can happen
we are not risking our Jewish history
you are not closing a door or
to the rest of your Jewish life.
All that we have to risk is our denial...
I can start.
My high school had an Israel studies class
all about when you go to college
and people start telling you about Israel
beeing an apartheid state
this is how you respond
From, like summer camp in my youth movement
one the one of the core tenant of it was
that the Jewish state needed to be built
and just no questioning of what price
we were really willing to pay
or willing to make Palestinian pay
As an Israeli, Palestinian identity itself
is not something I had
to learn that it exists
So slowly, as I
came to learn, the occupation exists
I started learning that
there is another narrative
We're here to talk about the history
that's often referred to as "The Nakba"
750.000 people displaced from their homes
At least 400 villages
undone in their entirety
The colonization is also ongoing
The ongoing Nakba
the continued, not just the
historical, but the continued
but the continued ethnic
cleansing of Palestinians
I have been blessed to witness
the ways that Palestinian society
continues to find ways to thrive
But we can't deny that
there has been catastrophe
and that it's been catastrophic
the scale of loss
We're really here to teach each other but
I think nothing's as important as action
Because we're talking
about ongoing displacement
People might tell you that if
you stand up for Palestinian rights
that you aren't really Jewish,
that you're maybe a self hating Jew
As a rabbi what I see when
I look at the work of solidarity
is a long chain of Jewish history
This chain of people of
ancestors and text and traditions
that are about justice and fighting for it.
Jewish tradition tells us to envision a
world where all people are safe and free
To never stop fighting for that world
So, may you all feel blessed
in a tradition of liberation
and may you be blessed
to know you're not alone...
And let's get to work
